Suzanne read a lot. She loved all books, except those about knights.
She thought those men in armour were very strong and courageous, but she didn't like the princesses.
It has to be said that she was not the kind of girl to like sewing and being locked up in a tower.
She was a daredevil little girl who wasn't afraid of anything, and she was always the first to climb trees to save a cat rather than watch others do it.
So she didn't understand how a princess could wait for a whole story while someone came to rescue her.
One day, as she was at the library, she saw an old dusty book on one of the shelves.
She had never seen it before, even though she often came here to read.
Curious, she grabbed it, put on her glasses and settled herself in her favourite spot to read it.
She opened the pages and immediately felt plunged in the story.
There she was, riding a magnificent white horse, whereas a few moments ago she was still in the library.
Her horse was going very fast and she was riding it very well.
It was as if she had always known how to ride. The feeling of the wind slipping against her was very pleasant and exhilarating.
Her horse seemed to know where to go without even needing to be told, and very soon, Suzanne arrived at a huge castle on the edge of a cliff.
She knew that in the books she read, this was often where the treasure and the princess were hidden, protected by a guardian.
Suzanne got scared. It was one thing to ride a horse, but to challenge the guardian of a treasure or princess was another.
She made her mount slow down and carefully made her way to the castle.
In the stories, the knights proudly entered castles sword in hand, but Suzanne didn't have one... and anyway, she did not know how to fight.
So she decided to politely knock on the door. Immediately, a scary-looking old man came to open, apparently ready to fight off intruders.
Suzanne, although terrified by the sorcerer's long beard and dark eyes, wore a wide smile and addressed the old man: "Hello, sir! I have come to visit the princess," she said innocently, as if that was the most normal thing in the world.
The sorcerer became all confused: no one ever spoke to him nicely; after much hesitation, he pointed the way towards the highest tower of the castle.
After all, his job was to prevent knights from stealing the princess, not to stop little girls from visiting her.
And Suzanne didn't seem to be a dangerous knight at all. Once in front of the princess's bedroom, Suzanne knocked on the door again.
"Come in!" the princess said. "What's this? A little girl? What are you doing here?" "I guess that I'm here to rescue you, Miss Princess".
"To rescue me? But I don't need to be rescued! I did hire the sorcerer to protect me from knights who thought they could do as they pleased.
Like taking my treasure and marrying me without even asking my opinion! I can come and go in the castle as I please, but as soon as I go out I'm surrounded by suitors, and I feel like they"re obsessed by the crown I wear, instead of the person I am.
The only thing you could rescue me from is boredom, as I've already explored the castle and I like neither sewing nor painting.
I can't seem to find anything with which to occupy my time". "I know exactly what you mean, Princess," answered Suzanne.
I don't like that either. What I do when I get bored is invent or read stories.
There's no end to imagination, I guarantee it! You should try and read for a change!" "I've tried, but I cannot read, it gives me headaches and I can't make out all the small letters in the books".
"Oh! You too! Reading tires my eyes a lot, and that's why I wear glasses.
There, try them on and tell me if it helps you," Suzanne said, handing the princess her glasses.
The princess took them and put them onto her lovely nose. "This is amazing, what was blurred is now all clear! These glasses are magic!" "Since you like them, they are yours – I have a second pair at home.
All's well that ends well!"And as if those were magic words to end a story, Suzanne found herself back at the library, as if she had never moved at all.
Surprised, she looked over the book, but the pages were all blank.
Suzanne went to put the book back in its place and returned home, proud of what she had achieved.
She had just understood that stories about knights and princesses were sometimes more interesting than they seemed.