"Oh, look how cute he is!"Suzanne is showing her mother a little cat which is playing with an empty box on the road leading to the sea.
Mum doesn't answer; she drags Suzanne towards the beach\pau=700\.
Suzanne is busy building a sandcastle, when an impressive figure stops before her, blocking the sun.
She lifts her head to find a pirate with a cat on his shoulder instead of a parrot, and who, smiling a very toothy smile with at least three golden teeth, hands her a ticket.
Suzanne takes the ticket and watches the pirate go on his way with a lurch, distributing his tickets to all the holidaymakers.
Suzanne makes out what is written on the ticket. It says: "Will you be the winner of The Pirate's Treasure?" In the middle of the ticket is a little silver rectangle that says "scratch here".
Suzanne goes to take a coin from her mum's purse, who is sunbathing, and starts to scratch the silver rectangle.
Her heart is beating hard as she watches the hidden message gradually reveal itself\pau=700\.
You...Have...WON...… The Pirate's Treasure!"I won!"Suzanne is so excited, she won! She won! Brilliant.
She turns the ticket over. There is a map indicating the location of the treasure.
It's at the "AllGood" supermarket, where her parents usually shop.
Mum just happens to have finished her sunbathing and says to Suzanne:"Right, we need to go – I have to do some shopping anyway, there's nothing to eat for lunch".
For once, Suzanne doesn't complain about having to go to "AllGood", which surprises her mum.
The supermarket is packed, and Suzanne doesn't know what she needs to do to find her treasure.
Suddenly, at the end of the shop, she spies between two aisles a colourful stand in the shape of a buccaneer ship.
The pirate from the beach is there with a microphone in his hand.
He's addressing the crowd, and Suzanne can make out the words "pirate", "treasure", "balanced", "health" and "shiny coat".
The little girl cuts a path through the crowd of grownups and listens to the pirate, making her way to the front row.
When the pirate looks in her direction, Suzanne waves the winning ticket, trying to get his attention.
The buccaneer approaches, takes the ticket and with a big smile that makes his golden teeth sparkle, grabs Suzanne and hoists her onto the podium, announcing: "And here we have our big winner of “The Pirate's Treasure”!"He congratulates Suzanne, drops a pirate's hat on her head and puts her down inside a big shopping trolley disguised as a buccaneer ship full of cans of cat food of the brand "Pirate"\pau=700\.
At that moment, Mum arrives. "Suzanne, where were you, I was looking for you everywhere".
As for Suzanne, she's a bit disappointed by what just happened to her.
"Mum, look at what I won," she says, rather embarrassed, showing her the mountain of cat food cans\pau=700\.
First, Mum is very surprised; then she starts to grin. "Well, I guess we"re going to have to adopt someone to eat all that!"Suzanne finds her smile again.