
In the highest tower of a very old castle lives a princess who does not look like other princesses. She wears neither a dress nor a tiara, and she dreams of one day travelling around the world. But her father, a very strict king, forbids her to go out of the castle.\pau=700\
Every day the princess grows a little more bored. She would so much love to climb trees, bathe into the river, cycle around the countryside and ride a scooter on the paths, as the other children do.\pau=700\
One morning, when she opens her window, the princess sees that the trees have got their leaves back and that the sun has returned. The birds are singing and a very soft wind caresses her arm. It's spring! The princess goes down the stairs and runs to see her father. "Daddy, it's so sunny today, can I go and play in the forest with the other kids?" "No," her father replies. "The leaves might be growing, the birds might be singing and the sun might be shining, but a princess must remain in her tower."\pau=700\
The princess goes back up to her room. She is so sad that she starts crying and crying. The tears begin to create a small puddle, then a big one, and finally an actual river, which starts flowing under the door. Sat on his throne in the great hall of the castle, the king feels a drop of water fall onto his nose. "Well, well, there must be a leak somewhere," he thinks to himself. "I will have to call for the plumber to come."\pau=700\
At that moment, the drawbridge is slowly lowered, for a visitor has presented himself in front of the guards. It is Ben, who has come to visit the castle. "You can go in!" the guard shouts to him. But as soon as he passes the drawbridge, a huge river coming from the tower carries him away. The princess's tears have flooded the whole castle. Ben is floating, with alongside him all the furniture of the castle: tables, chairs and beds. "Had I known, I would have brought my swimsuit," he thinks to himself.\pau=700\
Suddenly, Ben hears a little voice yelling: "Help! I cannot swim!" It is the princess! She tries to grab the railing of the stairs, but a big wave of tears carries her away. Quickly, Ben swims to her and helps her climb onto a large wooden board floating a little further down. "It's the door to my room!" the princess says. "It will make a good raft," Ben replies.\pau=700\
And there they are, both gone adrift. "What is your name?" the princess asks. "Ben." "For so long I've dreamed of going off on a journey," the princess exclaims. "Where do you want to go?" Ben asks. "To Australia!" the princess answers. "All right," Ben tells her. "I'm a bit hungry," the princess adds. "I will show you how to fish," Ben says. "And how will we cook the fish?" the princess wonders. "I will teach you how to make a wood fire," Ben says. "And will you also teach me how to roller-skate?" the princess asks. "Yes, of course," Ben replies.