"This is for you!" says the babysitter, handing a small cloth bag to Suzanne.
Inside, there are marbles of every colour, sparkly marbles, spotted marbles and even a transparent one! "Let's play marbles!" Suzanne proposes.
So they settle themselves in front of the living room wall. "The one who makes the marble slide closest to the wall wins," explains Suzanne.
"Okay?"\pau=700\The game is almost over. It's Suzanne's turn to flick the transparent marble: she delicately pushes it with her finger and it rolls, rolls, rolls, and... disappears! How is that possible? Taking a closer look, Suzanne discovers a tiny little hole in the wall that she has never seen before.
The marble must have gone in... "I win!" exclaims Suzanne, jumping for joy.
At that moment, the house starts to vibrate. They hear a noise like a huge engine.
The window panes tremble, the walls move. The babysitter hurries towards the window.
"We're taking off!" she exclaims. Indeed, the house is flying away.
Soon, through the window, they can see that the garden is now only a tiny green square, and the road nearby just a thin grey line... "Where are we going?" asks Suzanne.
"We'll see," answers the babysitter. "Shall we have a snack, while we wait to land?" Suzanne suggests\pau=700\.
Just when Suzanne is eating her last cookie, the house lands softly on the ground.
Through the window, they can see huge green leaves blocking the view.
"Let's go outside!" Suzanne suggests. The babysitter hesitates, but Suzanne has already opened the front door and is stepping outside.
"Give me your hand," the babysitter orders. The vegetation is very dense and they struggle to break through.
"We must be in the jungle!" Suzanne exclaims, very excited to be going exploring.
Suddenly, the babysitter shouts. There, close by, just a few metres ahead, a black panther is watching them from the corner of its eye.
The babysitter is frightened. Suzanne grabs her hand and leads her into the bushes.
But it's too late. The panther jumps towards them. Fortunately, at the same time, a chimpanzee swings down from a vine and scoops them up\pau=700\.
The chimpanzee drops them off on the top of a mahogany tree and disappears into the forest.
The babysitter struggles to catch her breath. Suzanne starts to climb the branches looking for a way to come down from the tree.
She hasn't climbed very far when she sees a huge boa constrictor heading to them, hissing... Then, the flapping of a wing catches her attention.
It's a toucan with a multicoloured beak that has just landed next to them and that is signalling them to climb on its back.
The babysitter doesn't really want to climb on the back of this strange bird.
But the boa is approaching. So Suzanne grabs the babysitter and gets on the toucan, which takes flight.
The babysitter covers her eyes while Suzanne screams with joy.
She's never had so much fun. She wishes this trip over the jungle could last forever\pau=700\.
But the toucan drops them off just before the front door of the house.
Suzanne doesn't want to go back in. So the babysitter takes her by the arm and makes her go in.
When the door is closed and locked, she exclaims: "Have you got a marble left?" "Yes," answers Suzanne, getting one out of her pocket.
"Try to roll it into the hole, and hurry up, because I think the panther is still prowling the house".
Suzanne puts the marble down on the carpet. She concentrates with all her might to aim well.
And poof: the ball slides into the hole on the first attempt.
At that moment, the house starts trembling, they hear the hum and then, phew... The house takes off\pau=700\.
A few minutes later, the house lands safely in the garden, just in time for Suzanne's mum to come home from work.
It's her now ringing the doorbell. Suzanne runs to open the door.
"Everything went well?" asks Mum. "Very well," says the babysitter.
"We were playing marbles," adds Suzanne, giving a sly wink to her babysitter.