The king isn't happy. The castle's stocks of yogurt keep disappearing.
Tonight is the queen's birthday and the king really wants to please his wife, whom he tenderly loves.
She adores yogurt and will be very disappointed if she can't eat some for her birthday meal\pau=700\.
In order to solve the problem, the king calls for a little boy, a champion of riddles, a very clever boy.
It is Ben\pau=700\. "I charge you to solve this problem," he tells him.
"If you succeed, I will give you what you want; if you fail, you will have to deal with me.
You have until tonight to find the guilty party and the stolen yogurt.
You'd better start now"\pau=700\. Ben takes his leave from the king and starts conducting his investigation.
What fine luck, he loves playing the detective. He begins to inspect the basements where all the castle's supplies are stocked.
They stand from floor to ceiling, from the entrance to the far end.
A genuine Ali Baba's cavern. He spends the whole morning there – a whole castle means many mouths to feed – but he finds nothing\pau=700\.
At midday, he goes and checks the kitchens. There too he finds food everywhere.
On a spit, over a huge fireplace, a whole wild boar is being roasted.
In the cupboards and on the shelves he sees tarts, pies, cakes and vegetables.
The only thing missing is the yogurt. He asks the cooks, but they haven't seen anything.
Or rather, they've seen that there's nothing left to see. Even though they lock the yogurt up in fridges, it always disappears\pau=700\.
Ben then gets his detective's magnifying glass out to look for clues.
He searches everywhere, and finally finds small traces of yogurt going out of the kitchen.
He thinks he knows where they are going to lead him and... yes, that's it.
They lead to the attic. Ben hurries – it's already the afternoon and there's not much time left until the evening\pau=700\.
The yogurt tracks stop in front of a cupboard door. He opens it suddenly.
Before him, caught red-handed, an ogre!Usually, Ben would have been frightened by an ogre, but this one is very small.
And he looks more scared than Ben\pau=700\. "So, it's you who's been stealing all the castle's yogurt?""Indeed, it is," the ogre answers in a small voice.
"I know it isn't good to do so, but at home all the ogres make fun of me because I'm small and weak, while they are big and strong.
I thought that as there's a lot of calcium in yogurt, if I ate a lot of it, I could become as tall and as strong as them"\pau=700\.
Ben is so touched by the little ogre's story that he decides to defend him before the king.
They arrive just in time for dessert. The king is already red with anger because Ben is late, but when he sees him arriving with his new friend, he guesses that he has solved the mystery\pau=700\.
The king listens to Ben's tale until the end, and he is also touched by the story of the little ogre.
So he decides to forgive him – providing he no longer pilfers the stocks – and even offers him a job cooking at the castle, where he can invent some new yogurt recipes for the very great pleasure of the queen.