
Suzanne has a loose tooth. It is the first time. With her tongue, she makes it go back and forth. It's like a little castle drawbridge that goes up and down. After being played with enough, the tooth ends up falling out. Suzanne takes it in her hand; it is very small. She carefully wraps it up in a tissue and puts it in her pocket.\pau=700\
At dinner, Suzanne announces the big news to her mum and dad. "My tooth has fallen out!" They both tell her that it is good news, that it means she's a big girl and that another tooth is going to grow in its place. "And," adds Mum, "if you put it under your pillow tonight while you sleep, the tooth fairy will come and take it." Suzanne doesn't want a fairy to take her tooth at all, but she is curious to see what she looks like.\pau=700\
At bed time, she puts her tooth inside the birthday card that makes music when you open it. Then she puts the card next to her pillow and falls asleep. In the middle of the night, Suzanne is woken up by the birthday card music. Her trap worked. The little girl turns on her flashlight and finds herself face to face with a small fairy, very surprised to see her.\pau=700\
"I didn't know that it was your birthday," the fairy says to her. "I only come for fallen teeth." "I know," replies Suzanne, "but I wanted to see what you looked like, and if it's all the same to you, I'd rather keep my tooth." The fairy looks annoyed. "Well, my job is to collect teeth. If I go back without a tooth, I"ll lose my job."\pau=700\
Suzanne doesn't know what to do. This fairy is rather nice, and she wouldn't want her to get in trouble on her account.... but at the same time, she doesn't want to give up her tooth. Suddenly, she remembers that she might have a solution to the problem in her joke box. "Wait a moment," she tells the fairy. Suzanne comes back with a wonderful set of false Dracula teeth. "There you go: there are at least twelve teeth; with that, you should have no problem." Suzanne helps the fairy put the set of false teeth in her small bag. The fairy gives her a big smile and tells her: "Thank you, Suzanne, and good night!" Then she goes on her away, carrying her bag on her shoulder. Suzanne falls asleep with her tooth in her hand, whispering: "Thank you, Dracula."