Once upon a time there was a family called the Dufeuils. First there is Mum Dufeuil, who makes shirt buttons.
Then Daddy Dufeuil, who makes shirt collars. Then the first Dufeuil child, who makes shirt arms.
The second one makes shirt busts. And the third one sews the whole shirt together.
The whole family works to make Dufeuil shirts, which are the most beautiful shirts in the world.
Then, in the Dufeuil family, there's the last little one: Suzanne, who does not make shirts.
First of all, she's way too young to work, but she also doesn't like shirts.
When she grows up, she doesn't want to make shirts like the rest of her family.
Everyone is very busy in the family, but little Suzanne has to be looked after.
So the parents call for a babysitter. She comes every day, after lunch, to teach Suzanne and to play with her until supper.
Suzanne like her very much, for Chloe, her babysitter, is one of her only friends.
She is one of the few people she sees who isn't from her family.
Suzanne calls Chloe "Chlo", and Chloe calls Suzanne "Suzy". These are their secret names, which symbolise their friendship and closeness.
In the month of March, the Dufeuils are always very busy. They receive lots of orders for short-sleeved shirts for the summer and they never stop working.
However, Suzanne's birthday is also in March, but this year the Dufeuils have forgotten all about it.
On her birthday, Suzanne acts normally, thinking that her family is planning to surprise her.
But the morning goes by, lunch arrives and the day still seems very ordinary.
During lunch, no cake for Suzanne, no gifts either. She doesn't eat anything and runs to her bedroom.
Her brothers and sisters barely notice, they're so engrossed in their work.
Chloe finally arrives. When she sees that Suzanne isn't playing in the garden, nor watching TV in the living room, nor reading in the kitchen, she realises that there's something wrong.
She goes straight up to Suzanne's bedroom and knocks on the door before coming in.
She finds the little girl crying, curled up on her bed. She comes closer and put a reassuring hand on Suzanne's back.
"They... They... They've forgotten my birthday," Suzanne says, sobbing.
Chloe then takes the little girl in her arms. "Come over here, I'm sure they haven't forgotten about you, Suzy.
But even if they have, that doesn't mean they don't love you.
What would you like for your birthday?""I would have liked a dress and some jewellery, so that people might notice me, Chlo," Suzanne then replies, not crying anymore.
"A dress? I don't have one to hand, but as for jewellery, I'm sure we can work something out! Come with me!" the babysitter declares, taking the little girl by the hand.
Together they go through the house, picking up here and there a golden button on a table, a pretty piece of cloth or a very beautiful ribbon.
Once they have their treasure, they assemble the whole thing and manage to make a beautiful hair slide, a splendid bracelet and, most of all, a magnificent necklace with golden buttons as beads.
"This jewellery, Suzy, is only for you – you won't see it elsewhere else," Chloe tells her.
To Suzanne, Chloe seems more like a fairy than a babysitter. Suzanne cannot believe her eyes, and­ the incredible jewellery they've made just from those bits and bobs.
Proudly wearing the necklace, Suzanne goes to have her supper, as Chloe is ready to leave.
But as they go down the stairs, the lights are suddenly turned off and then turned on again, to reveal the entire Dufeuil family waiting for them in the entrance hall.
"SURPRISE!" they all shout together. And in their hands, they"re holding a splendid Dufeuil ruffle dress.
"We spent the whole week working on it; you'll forgive us, but it's the very first dress we've ever made.
The first Dufeuil dress for Suzanne Dufeuil!"Once again, Suzanne collapses in tears, but of joy this time.
She thought her family had forgotten her, but she was wrong!"Come on, there's cake in the kitchen.
Chloe, you're invited to the party, of course," says Daddy Dufeuil.
And that's how Suzanne ended up having one of the best birthdays of her life.