
Ben is a little fair-haired boy who is seemingly ordinary. He always goes through the forest with his loom.
But the truth is, like every inhabitant in Broceliande, he isn't a boy like any other. With his threads, Ben weaves stories and adventures, not mere jumpers and canvas trousers. That's because Ben is a Tailor of Tales.
Monday is the day for stories about knights, Tuesdays are for pirates, Wednesdays are for dragons, and so on for the rest of the week, until Sundays, when Ben has a rest. Today in Broceliande it's Friday, and Friday for Ben is the day of witches and fairies.
So he has settled himself with his loom next to a beautifully illuminated little pond under a big old oak. There he weaves. He weaves tirelessly the story of a witch with a great sorrow. A very beautiful witch, with black hair long enough to reach her feet.
Little by little, the story takes shape before him.
As he gets closer to the end of the tale, the witch from his story comes to life. She doesn't seem very friendly. She grunts and struggles to undo herself from Ben's loom.
"Calm down or I will never finish my story and you shall stay attached to me! And if you break the thread that links you to the loom before I finish the story, you're in danger of disappearing! So calm down!" Ben warns her.
But the upset witch doesn't heed his warnings. She struggles, she twists, she stirs in every way and ends up breaking the thread between her and Ben in order to run away.
"Let me go or I will turn you into a cabbage!" she threatens him.
But as she escapes, after only a few strides, she falls down asleep on the moss, lifeless.
Ben hurries towards her, very worried. He tries to talk to her and pokes her softly to wake her, but nothing happens: the witch doesn't move.
Ben is very sad. He really put his whole heart in the work. It wasn't supposed to end up like this. Oh dear!
Not only that, but his story of sorrow was supposed to end well! But the witch didn't even give him time to finish it. Impatient and full of sadness, she couldn't wait for the happy ending of his story.
Ben then decides to take the witch in his arms and return to his loom.
He starts weaving the story again, but the thread of the witch is all crumpled and cannot fit into the loom anymore. The Tailor of Tales then has a great idea. He seizes his long blond hair and uses it as thread to weave the end of the story, which he pins onto the witch.
After a few moments of work, Ben sees the witch awaking slowly. He then hurries to finish his story and heal the witch's grief with a happy ending. As soon as it is sewn, the witch awakes with a wide smile. She is much calmer than before. The end of the story sewn by Gaston is so beautiful that the witch becomes a fairy again.
It took the whole day for Ben to weave the story and he is very tired. Proud of his work, he sits against the old oak, ready to fall asleep. The fairy approaches and sits next to him.
"I'm sorry for what happened," she says, "but I was so sad that I did not think."
"Lucky you preferred to flee rather than turn me into a cabbage, otherwise that could have been rather awkward for the both of us," Ben laughs. "But all's well that ends well! And this strand of fair hair in the middle of your black hair suits you very well!"
Indeed, the strand of hair that Ben used to wake the witch is now in her own, like an ear of corn in the middle of a field of black flowers. The laughter of the two children rises in the forest, ringing out the end of the day in Broceliande.