Then must his two: when it fell, he put it in his drawer for the two fairy, but now he can't find it no matter how many times he looks for it in all the drawers of his desk, no trace of his tooth. How strange he asked dad if he has seen in his tooth by any chance? Have you looked in the living room cabinet? I think i saw some of your toys in there may be banishes tooth with his toys by mistake. You never know so he'd better check in the living room then looks again and again in the cabinet, but finds nothing at all. Tony his construction, gang box and a plastic soldier with one missing leg you should ask motherish, have seen it somewhere says. Dad then asked mum if she has seen his tooth by any chance, but he can't remember he should look in the dresser. Perhaps it is tea. Benares, the dresser bargain, no tooth, only a plastic car with a whelming and a board game ben is rather annoyed, but he hopes that the two very wound hold it too much against him in the night he's awoken by a little pat on the nose. It'S the two fairy who looks at him angrily that he anaitis penances, half asleep in my least it written that i must believe that continence but waterloo. There was nothing at all in there with kind of you to wait. My time it's already arelate and tattered. Dissenting penalties and tries to explain to the very berecynthian his tooth, but she is in a hurry and doesn't want to know no toocita to it. Serenitatis a coin without receiving a disenchanted, but faced with ben sat expression, the fairy softens. What he is is that you're, not a liar canteleu, look for your tooth, the quickly painted the quicker i can go back to my deliveries on and the two fairy searchin search, ben's bedroom, to find his tooth. When suddenly, he remembers, he didn't put it in his drawer, but in the pocket of his trousers he hurries to the basket of dirty laundry, picks up his trousers and looks into the bucket and the the two large right, etta bottom, it's a nice canine which he Is going to give to the two fairy she takes a box on her list gives him his coin in exchange and takes off the night is long and she hasn't finished her round. 
