
Ben lived on a big boat.
With this boat, he went around the world.
One day, as he was crossing the Atlantic Ocean to go to America to visit some friends, a great storm broke out. His boat was capsized by huge waves roiling the ocean. The sound of the wind roared in his ears and rain whipped his face.
Ben did his best, but just when the thought he was out of danger, a wave hit the deck and took him away in the water. Fortunately, Ben was an excellent swimmer. He reached the surface, but lost sight of his boat.
The tempest calmed down, but Ben was now lost in the middle of the ocean. All around him, there was only water.
The situation seemed desperate, but Ben spotted a pod of whales that had come to enjoy the fresh air of the surface before diving back into the depths of the ocean. The whales saw him as well, and one of them hurried towards Ben. The boy thought it was coming to help him, but as it got closer it opened its big mouth and swallowed Ben whole. Helpless to do anything about it, Ben ended up in the belly of the whale. Then the whale spoke to him.
"Unlucky little fellow, you're in the wrong place at the wrong time. My friends and I are the terrible pirate whales and you're now my prisoner. Arrg!"
"Prisoner? But that cannot be!" thought Ben. "I must find my boat and reach America. I have to escape these whales before they dive back into the sea and I end up stuck here indefinitely."
Ben then looked around him to see if something could help him escape. The place was almost comfortable. The whale only seemed to swallow little helpless sailors. There was a table, dishes, cutlery, a fridge, salt, pepper and even chocolate! It was as if the whale had swallowed a whole kitchen before Ben. The young sailor, who was very hungry, sat at the table and ate the chocolate. Then he thought up a plan.
He didn't have much to work with.
Looking carefully, Ben spotted three possible exits.
The first one was the way he came in. But it was blocked by the far-too-numerous baleens, those strange thin teeth that looked like prison bars.
The second way out looked disgusting. The closer he got to it, the more the floor became sticky. He really didn't want to go out this way.
The third and last exit was through the ceiling. Some light filtered through a hole, and Ben concluded that it must lead to the outside. But he was far too small, even up on the table, to reach it.
Suddenly, water started to flood the whale's mouth: it was diving again! Ben had to hurry to find a solution! At that moment, he saw the salt and pepper shakers gently floating next to his feet. He whooped victoriously!
"I know! I'm going to make the whale sneeze! Its breath will send me to the ceiling and I'll be free."
As soon as he said this, he grabbed the pepper shaker and the tablecloth. He sprinkled the pepper all over the whale's mouth.
At first, nothing seemed to be happening, but after a few moments he felt the whale stir.
"A... Aaaa... Aaaaaa... Aaaaatishoo!" it sneezed loudly.
And as the whale sneezed, Ben was sent straight up to the hole in the ceiling. He flew well above sea level, until he could touch the clouds with his fingertips. At that height, he could clearly see his boat quietly drifting not very far off.
Ben firmly gripped the corners of the tablecloth and used it as a parachute. He let the wind carry him to his boat and skilfully landed on the deck. "What an adventure!" thought the boy. "My friends will never believe me! In fact, they must be worried about me being late; I'd better resume my course."
And so it was that under full sail, Ben resumed his course towards America and new adventures.