Then lived on a big boat with this boat, he went around the world one day as he was crossing the atlantic ocean to go to america to visit some friends. A great storm broke out. His boat was capsized by huge waves roiling the ocean, the sound of the wind roared in his ears and ran with his face then did his best, but just when he thought he was out of danger away had the day and took him away in the water. Fortunately ben was an excellent swimmer. He reached the surface but lost slates, but the tempest came down, but ben was now lost in the middle of the ocean all around him. He was only water. The situation seemed desperate, but bensiabel that had come to enjoy the fresh air of the surface before diving back into the depths of the ocean. The whale saw him as well and one of them hurried towards ben. The boy thought it was coming to help him, but, as i got closer, i opened cannondale ben home helpless to do anything about it then, and the dubitable of the whale. Then the whale spoke to him hoellenrachen time. My friends and i are the terrible pirate whales and you now my prisoner, rebought ben. I must find my butaritari a i have to escape these whales before the tired back into the sea and i another it definitely then then looked around him to see. If something could help him escape, the place was almost comfortable. The whale only seemed to swallow a little helpless sailors. There was a table dishes, cutlery, a fresh salt, pepper and even called it was as if the whale had swallowed a whole kitchen before ben the young sailor who was very hungry, sat at the table and ate the chocolate. Then he thought of a plan. He didn't have much to work with looking carefully ben spotted three possible exits. The first one was the way he came in, but it was blocked by the far too numerous beings, those strange thin teeth that looked like present bars. The second way out looked disgusting. The closer he got to it, the more the flow became sticky. He really didn't want to go out this way. The third and last exit was through the ceiling. Some light filter through a hole and ben concluded that it must lead to the outside, but he was far too small even up on the table to reach it suddenly watercart aloud the whale's mouth it was diving again ben had to hurry to find a solution at That moment he saw the sultan papishers gently floating next to his feet. He would victoriously. I know i am going to make the whale's breathful sent the ceiling and coterie as soon as he said this. He grabbed the peasant the table cloth. He sprinkled the pepper all over the whale's mouth at first, nothing seemed to be happening, but after a few moments he felt the wall starlit melody and, as the whale sneezed then was sent straight up to the hole in the ceiling. He flew well above sea level until he could touch the clouds with his fingertips. At that height he could clearly see his boat. Quite a drifting, not very far off then firmly gripped the corners of the table, cloth and used it as a parachute. He left the wind, carry him to his boat and skilfully learned it on the deck. Was an intenser thought, the boy? My friends will never believe me. In fact, they must be worried about me being late. I better resume my course, and so it was that under full sail then resumed his cause towards america and new adventures.