To day ben is walking in the forest and looking for hazelnuts when he realizes that he is lost. His king is a key ring in the shape of a flying saucer, which he usually tied to the belt look of his trousers and which he always keeps with. Him then goes back to the haste where he stopped to the beginning of his walk. He looks carefully around the tree. The ground is covered with leaves of red, yellow and orange, but the keeling is nowhere to be found, then, is about to leave when a shrew shows up. Sir, are you looking for something it asked in a shrew? Is calling me, sir, how strange he thinks to himself? Yes, he explained i lost my keeling doesn't ring a bell, the three answers, but let me give you this: the animal offers him an empty match box. He has no idea what he could do with this empty box, but he doesn't dare refuse this present. Thank you very much. He says the three gives him a bow and trots away. Then ben decides to go back to the pond where he stopped. For a rest, he looked everywhere in the grass, but the key ring is still nowhere to be found that, when a beaver surfaces from the water here lowlying for something says the beaver. How may i help you? The animal seemed very polite in his forest bethinks to himself i'm looking for my curing gentilsmen find anything of the sort, the beaver answers, but here are a few branches i tore out with my teeth. She do wish, then, is a little surprise, but he doesn't dare refuse this present. He takes the pieces of wood and no sooner has he thankee. Then it dies back into the water. Then now walks towards the clearing the across the little earlier no keeling to be found there, either as he is about to leave an acorn dropped on to his head and he hears a shrill little voice say the banishing on the branch. Just above there's a squirrel staring at him in a funny way, no fences, i lost my hearing, you haven't found by any chance. It is something edible. The scores no whatnots, the squirrel snapback as you not the hazeltine - is an empty nutshell, for you, ben doesn't want to offend the squirrel, so he accepts the nutshell. He had stars the path that he took in the morning. Surely the king fell over there. A young wild bore, interrupts him in his search. He you lost something it as my hearing trances. This is like looking for a needle in a haystack says, the young, wild boar ben doesn't understand what it means. Really animal speak in the strangest way in this forest. He thinks to himself herbert the more i picked a morning, the young wild bougets and go through this path. Tendency see the point of such a present bird. He doesn't dare refuse. He takes the moss and offsets getting late. Now night is about to fall. I betterments! Suddenly he hears a small voice. Weeping it's coming from behind a tree, stump ben draws closer and discovers a tiny elf. Crying then asks what's making him so sad. My home was blown away, the offering i have nowhere to go ben does not to do, but then he looks at all the presents given to him by the animals and has an idea with the match box on the shrew. He makes a table and a bed for the elf, with the intimate from the squirrel. He makes a store with the cut branches from the beaver. He builds the walls of a house and covers them with the mass from the young wild boar so that the rain won't get inside. The elf can't believe his eyes. He so happy that he absolutely wants to give ben a present here you are. This is, for you, says the elf holding out a king in the shape of a flying source or to be a found it in the forest the morning.
