
Today, Ben is walking in the forest and looking for hazelnuts, when he realises that he has lost his key ring. It is a key ring in the shape of a flying saucer, which he usually ties to the belt loop of his trousers, and which he always keeps with him.\pau=700\
Ben goes back to the hazel tree where he had stopped at the beginning of his walk. He carefully looks around the tree. The ground is covered with leaves of red, yellow and orange. But the key ring is nowhere to be found. Ben is about to leave when a shrew shows up. "Sir, are you looking for something?" it asks Ben. "A shrew is calling me “sir”, how strange..." he thinks to himself. "Yes," he explains, "I lost my key ring." "Doesn't ring a bell," the shrew answers, "but let me give you this." The animal offers an empty matchbox to Ben. He has no idea what he could do with this empty box, but he doesn't dare refuse this present. "Thank you very much," he says. The shrew gives him a bow and trots away.\pau=700\
Then, Ben decides to go back to the pond where he stopped for a rest. He looks everywhere in the grass but the key ring is still nowhere to be found. That's when a beaver surfaces from the water. "You look like you"re looking for something," says the beaver. "How may I help you?" "The animals seem very polite in this forest," Ben thinks to himself. "I'm looking for my key ring," Ben tells him. "I didn't find anything of the sort," the beaver answers, "but here are a few branches cut out by my own efforts, should you wish." Ben is a little bit surprised, but he doesn't dare refuse this present. He takes the pieces of wood, and no sooner has he thanked the beaver than it dives back into the water.\pau=700\
Ben now walks towards the clearing that he crossed a little earlier. No key ring to be found there either. As he is about to leave, an acorn drops on his head and he hears a shrill little voice say: "Are you the one who's picking hazelnuts?"\pau=700\
On the branch just above, there is a squirrel staring at him in a funny way. "No," Ben says, "I lost my key ring. You haven't found it, by any chance?" "Is it something edible?" the squirrel asks. "No." "Well, then, I'm not interested," the squirrel snaps back. "As you"re not the hazelnut thief, here is an empty nutshell for you." Ben doesn't want to offend the squirrel, so he accepts the nutshell.\pau=700\
He heads towards the path that he took in the morning. Surely the key ring fell over there. A young wild boar interrupts him in his search. "Have you lost something?" it asks. "My key ring," Ben answers. "This is like looking for a needle in a haystack!" says the young wild boar. Ben doesn't understand what it means. "Really, animals speak in the strangest way in this forest," he thinks to himself. "You"d better take the moss I picked this morning" the young wild boar suggests. "And go through this path." Ben doesn't really see the point of such a present, but he doesn't dare refuse. He takes the moss and off he goes.\pau=700\
It's getting late now. Night is about to fall. "I"d better go home," Ben thinks. Suddenly, he hears a small voice weeping: it's coming from behind a tree stump. Ben draws closer and discover a tiny elf crying. Ben asks him what's making him so sad. "My home was blown away," the elf explains. "I have nowhere to go." Ben doesn't know what to do. But then he looks at all the presents given to him by the animals and has an idea. With the matchbox from the shrew, he makes a table and a bed for the elf. With the empty nutshell from the squirrel, he makes a stool. With the cut branches from the beaver, he builds the walls of the house, and covers them with the moss from the young wild boar so that the rain won't get inside. The elf can't believe his eyes. He's so happy that he absolutely wants to give Ben a present. "Here you are, this is for you," says the elf, holding out a key ring in the shape of a flying saucer to Ben. "I found it in the forest this morning."