
"Where did they all go?" Suzanne is visiting a castle with her class, and now she can't find her classmates. Maybe they went up these stairs. Suzanne takes the stairs four at a time. Nobody there. Perhaps they went down instead? Suzanne hurtles down the stairs. Nobody there. She opens a door, rushes into a narrow corridor, turns left, opens another door, turns around, doubles back... Not a peep. Suzanne has lost her class, and she has no idea where she is...\pau=700\
Suzanne calls out. But nobody answers. The castle is huge, and with all these rooms and corridors that look alike, it's a real maze. How will she manage to find her class? The children may have already got back on the bus by now; they"re probably already home. Suzanne imagines her parents waiting for her in front of the school, surely very worried... What if nobody ever finds her? What if she remains in this castle for her whole life? Suzanne feels her throat tightening and tears stinging her eyes, when she hears someone sneezing beside her. Suzanne turns her head. But there is nobody there. "Atishoo!" "Bless you!" Suzanne replies. "After all, best to be polite," Suzanne tells herself. "You never know, it might be a ghost."\pau=700\
"Do you have a tissue?" asks a voice. Suzanne turns around. The corridor is still empty. "Where are you?" Suzanne asks the voice. "Here," the voice replies, "but you can't see me." "So it is actually a ghost!" Suzanne tells herself. "Well, when is that tissue coming?" the voice says impatiently. Suzanne searches her backpack looking for an old tissue packet. She hands a tissue to the void and it flies off like magic! Suzanne smiles. A tissue that blows its nose by itself! She has never seen this before. "Don't laugh," the ghost forbids her, "do you think these wet corridors and all these drafts amuse me?" "I didn't think a ghost could catch cold," Suzanne apologises. "Well, at least this visit taught you something," the ghost grumbles.\pau=700\
Suzanne thinks of her friends. She asks: "Did you see a group of kids?" "No," answers the ghost. "I prefer to stay as far away as possible from those noisy and tiresome little beings. But since you did me a favour, I"ll help you find your class." With these words, the tissue flies down the corridor and Suzanne follows behind. The tissue flies through the castle at top speed and the little girl almost has to run not to lose sight of it. Suddenly, she hears some children's voices, and she recognises her classmates. However, the tissue has disappeared. "Goodbye!" says Suzanne into the void, hoping that the ghost heard her. She then feels something holding her sleeve back, and a severe voice whispers in her ear: "Promise me you"ll never tell anyone that you met me." Suzanne promises, and to thank the ghost, she offers him her hat. "That way, you won't have to worry about drafts anymore."\pau=700\
Ever since that day, some people swear that they have seen a hat strolling alone in the castle. As for Suzanne, she has been scolded for losing hers, but she still kept the secret.