Where did they all go? Suzanne is visiting a castle with her class, and now she can't find her classmates. Maybe they went up those stairs. Suzanne takes the stairs for the time. Nobody there. Perhaps they went down and stead suzanne hurtles down the stairs. Nobody there. She opens a door rushes into a narrow corridor, turns left, opens another door turnaround awake, not a peep. Suzanne has lost her class and she has no idea where she is seances out, but nobody answers. The castle is huge and with all these rooms and corridors that look like it's a real maze, how she managed to find her class. The children may have already got back on the bus by now, they probably already home suzanne her parents waiting for in front of the school, surely very worried what, if nobody ever finds her. What if she ramani this castle for her whole life, Susanne feels her throat tightening and tears stinging her eyes when she hears someone sneezing beside her seated but there's nobody there houseless you sis and replies after all, best to be polite sudanese. You never know it might be a ghost. You have a tissue asked a voice. She anton's around the corridor is silent. Where are you Susannenas the voice here? The voice replies, but you can't see me so it is actually a ghost seances. Well is tactician the voices impatiently seanachas her backpack, looking for an old packet of tissues, she hands a tissue to the void and it flies off like magic, suzanne smiles, a tissue, the blows its nose by itself. She never seen that before don't dash the ghost of a bitter. Do you think these wet corridors and all these dragons? I didn't think it gostel seanachie well at least his visit torture, something the ghost grumbles Susanne thinks of her friends. She asks. Did you see a group of kids no answers the ghost i prefer to stay as far away as possible from those noisy and tiresome little beings, but since you did me a favor i'll help, you find your class with these words. The tissue flies down the corridor and suzanne followed behind the tissue flies through the castle to be, and the little girl almost run not to be sitot. Suddenly she hears some children's voices and she recognizes her classmates. However, petition has disappeared. The good bye sicuani the void, hoping with the ghost herder. She then feels something holding her sleep back and a severe voice whispers in her ear promise. You'Ll, never tell any one that you met me Susanne promises and to thank the ghost. She offers him her hat that way, you won't have to worry about draughts any more. Ever since that day, some people swear that they have seen a hat strolling alone in the castle, as for suzanne she's been told off for losing hers, but she is still kept the secret.