In dominica, the sea and sun, there are seals that sing and a blowing wind every day in dominica. You can see plenty of boats passing by there are the big ones with huge engines, the small ones, with massive sails, those with one hall, those with two and even some with three, and then there are the boats that you can only see in dominica the ironing Boards used for insuring the floating bath tubs the boats without as the merchant ships with legs well effort that can be imagined and up in dominica one day and in the militia, so a police officer whose duty is to maintain order around the place. This dominican see copiosa Susanne, doesn't own a boat to get around. She writes a dolphin called tipsy, who is also her best friend. She sails through the sea every day, charging in arresting pirates and managing day to day life in dominica. It'S thanks to suzanne that life is very nice over there to talk it off. Susanne is very kind and tries to help everybody by the way. If you go to dominica one day, don't hesitate to drop by her office she'll, be delighted to so you, the best spot on the island and the most sea tractions before leaving every year. In the summer, there was a great boat competition, where all the most beautiful boats in the world paradine harbour in front of a panel of experienced mariners who reward the most extraordinary creations. This years, great competition will start within a few hours, but suzanne has just learned that her aunt enemy pirate papa has up idealist plan to prevent the show from going ahead spoiling the biggest event of the year, not on suzanne's watch. So suzanne came antipathies towards papa's left. She slips between the three masters and the schooners, letting her dolphin virgate cleverly over the crests of the waves very soon Susannena depriving side of abaco. He is done next to a big rock. Where boats regularly run aground. She then he has a big nose. Intreated by the noise suzanne asked diphysite, i move close to the boat, the dolphin does it and the two companions reached the hall suzanne sneaks aboard taking advantage of the pirates daily nap. She then discovers a huge pump, sucking water from the sea and can't help but cry out in surprise, hearing Susanne's cry: pirate papa carries out of his cabin and threaten Susanne with his sword. You won't stop me this time. Suzanne the pirate says you're alone and i've got a whole atostor. You i'm going to suck up the water from the ocean and all the boiroon onto the sand and would be able to show up for the great competition, but the pirate underestimated suzanne. She steps back. Seemingly terrified, but only to gather momentum in order to leap on to the pirate and disarm him papa too confident on his victory, is stunned and tumbles overboard falling into the water. Where desiatin suzanne then goes to look up the pirates, storms that none of them can escape, she approaches the pump to stop it before all the water, so upset it's a very complex machine. There is some blinking buttons, a big tap and wise all over the place and Susanne doesn't want to make any mistakes. So she goes back to papa. Tell me how to stop the pump papa or you'll end your days in dominica jail threaten suzanne. Came you really think i'm going to tell you that you just need to turn the tap clockwise to stop my lad, never and realizing that his just one, so he put his hands over his mouth and goes all red suzanne and dipped then burst out laughing at The pirate's mistake thanks for your help, papa susan mocks him smiling without delay. She hurries teacup the parts, instructions and turned off the tap of the huge bulk for deafening noise that it was making. Finally, stops susan and distended turned to town where they jailed the pirates. Harry: let's go to the harbor or well mister competition. Suzanne laughed jumping on depeches to the harbour so that both of them can enjoy the show.