
In Dominica, there's sea and sun.
There are seagulls that sing and a blowing wind.
Every day in Dominica, you can see plenty of boats passing by. There are the big ones with huge engines, the small ones with massive sails, those with one hull, those with two and even some with three.
And then there are the boats you can only see in Dominica: the ironing boards used for windsurfing, the floating bathtubs, the boats without oars, the merchant ships with legs. Well, every boat that can be imagined ends up in Dominica one day.
And in Dominica, there's also a police officer whose duty it is to maintain order around the place. This Dominican sea cop is Suzanne. Suzanne doesn't own a boat; to get around, she rides a dolphin called Dipsi, who is also her best friend.
She sails through the sea every day, charging and arresting pirates and managing day-to-day life in Dominica.
It's thanks to Suzanne that life is very nice over there.
To top it off, Suzanne is very kind and tries to help everybody. By the way, if you go to Dominica one day, don't hesitate to drop by her office – she'll be delighted to show you the best spots on the island and the must-see attractions before leaving.
Every year in the summer, there is a great boat competition where all the most beautiful boats in the world parade in the harbour in front of a panel of experienced mariners who reward the most extraordinary creations.
This year's great competition will start within a few hours, but Suzanne has just learned that her arch-enemy Pirate Tataquin has cooked up a devilish plan to prevent the show from going ahead.
Spoiling the biggest event of the year? Not on Suzanne's watch!
So Suzanne jumps on Dipsi and hurries towards Tataquin's lair. She slips between the three-masters and the schooners, letting her dolphin navigate cleverly over the crests of the waves. Very soon, Suzanne and Dipsi arrive in sight of Tataquin's boat. He is docked next to a big rock where boats regularly run aground. She then hears a big noise.
A big noise escapes from the rock, like the sound of a straw sucking the bottom of a glass.
Intrigued by the noise, Suzanne asks Dipsi to discreetly move closer to the boat. The dolphin does it, and the two companions reach the hull.
Suzanne sneaks aboard, taking advantage of the pirates' daily nap. She then discovers a huge pump sucking water from the sea, and can't help but cry out in surprise.
Hearing Suzanne's cry, Pirate Tataquin hurries out of his cabin and threatens Suzanne with his sword.
"You won't stop me this time, Suzanne," the pirate says. "You"re alone and I've got a whole squad to stop you. I'm going to suck up the water from the ocean and all the boats will run aground onto the sand and won't be able to show up for the great competition!"
But the pirate underestimated Suzanne. She steps back, seemingly terrified, but only to gather momentum in order to leap onto the pirate and disarm him. Tataquin, too confident of his victory, is stunned and topples overboard, falling into the water, where Dipsi awaits him.
Suzanne then goes to lock up the pirates' dorm so that none of them can escape. She approaches the pump to stop it before all the water is sucked up.
But it's a very complex machine. There are some blinking buttons, a big tap and wires all over the place, and Suzanne doesn't want to make any mistakes. So she goes back to Tataquin.
"Tell me how to stop the pump, Tataquin, or you'll end your days in Dominica's jail!" threatens Suzanne.
"Arrg, you really think I'm going to tell you that you just need to turn the tap clockwise to stop my plan? NEVER!" And, realizing that he's just done so, he puts his hands over his mouth and goes all red.
Suzanne and Dipsi then burst out laughing at the pirate's mistake.
"Thanks for your help, Tataquin!" Suzanne mocks him, smiling.
Without delay, she hurries to execute the pirate's instructions and turns off the tap of the huge pump. The deafening noise that it was making finally stops.
Suzanne and Dipsi then return to town, where they jail the pirates.
The city bell suddenly rings, announcing the start of the competition.
"Hurry up, let's go to the harbour or we'll miss the competition!" Suzanne laughs, jumping on Dipsi, who then heads to the harbour so that both of them can enjoy the show.