
Ding! Ben's alarm clock chimed. Ding! The alarm clock had been going off for at least ten minutes without the boy moving a muscle. He kept his head buried under his pillow, as if waiting for the alarm to shut up by itself. It was the twenty-fourth of December and Ben was already late.
Finally, after turning off his alarm clock with a desperate gesture, Ben got out of his bed, rubbed his eyes and went to open the big curtains drawn over his window. It was still quite dark outside, but the landscape was covered in a layer of white. Everything from the grass to the trees was sprinkled with snow.
After getting ready, Ben came down to have breakfast. He was overexcited: Christmas was just round the corner! He had been counting down the days impatiently for a month, and there was only one night left before Christmas. So he ate with joy on his face, then helped his parents decorate the house for Santa Claus. Every year, his daddy told him that decorating the house properly was the least they could do to thank Santa for coming. And his mum said that you always had to put out some milk and cookies to give him strength for the remainder of the night. Ben totally agreed.
Ben was a very good little boy, but not too courageous. He was afraid of a lot of things, and that often embarrassed him.
The day was spent putting the tinsel round the Christmas tree, running in the snow or building snowmen and igloos, and Ben was too busy to see the time fly by. Very soon, it was time for him to go to bed. Ben was so excited thinking how close Christmas was that he couldn't get to sleep. He tried, and tried again. He counted sheep, played with his teddies, imagined his presents, but it was no use: he couldn't sleep! After what he thought was several hours, with the house in silence, Ben had an idea: he could spy on Santa's arrival.
He crept out of his bed, walked carefully to the living room and hid behind an armchair. The room was plunged in darkness – except for the discreet decorations on the Christmas tree blinking from time to time. Ben waited. Nothing happened. He waited again. Still nothing. The little boy suddenly feared that Santa might not come to avoid being seen. He was about to go back to bed, all sheepish and thinking he had made a mistake coming here, when suddenly a loud voice rang out of the chimney.
"I'm in a bit of a pickle, and the night is only beginning. There's a spider in the chimney bothering me."
The voice sounded annoyed and worried. Ben moved closer to the chimney, feeling both curiosity and fear.
"Who goes there?" he said courageously.
"Who do you expect, during such a magical evening? It's only me, Ben: Santa Claus!"
"Why are you staying up there in the chimney?"
"That's a good question, isn't it! I'm trapped. There's a spider between me and the tree. It's a secret, but these beasts frighten me."
"I know exactly what you mean," said Ben, "they scare me as well. But I'm going to help you anyway."
"You would face your fear for me? Really?"
"I have to, for Christmas's sake!" And Ben moved closer to the chimney. He took his slipper, hunted down the spider while trembling and made sure that it was gone far enough. "The way is clear!" he proudly told Santa.
"Thank you very much Ben, you're a good boy. Your presents will be beautiful and will please you! I've understood something about fear tonight. Courage isn't about not fearing the dark, spiders, storms or haunted mansions. True courage is about daring to face them."
Then Santa stared at his watch and hurried to drop the presents at the foot of the tree.
"Look at me chatting away, but I've got to go! I'm late, I have presents to deliver!"
With that, he dropped the last gift on Ben's pile, winked at him and disappeared up the chimney, with much more ease than when he arrived. Ben, his eyes filled with stars and his head filled with gifts, went back to bed and fell into a deep sleep. Bring on tomorrow, so that he can open all his gifts!