The alarm clock chimed the alarm clock had been going on for at least ten minutes without the boy moving a muscle he kept his head buried under his pillow, as if waiting for the alameda shut up by itself, it was the twenty fourth of december and ben Was already late? Finally, after turning of his alarm clock with a desperate gesture, then got out of his bed rubbed his eyes and went to open the big curtains drawn over his window. It was still quite dark outside, but the landscape was covered in a layer of white. Everything from the grass to the trees was sprinkled with snow. After getting ready, ben came down to have breakfast, she was over excited christmas was just round the corner. He had been counting down the days impatiently for a month, and there was only one night left before christmas, so he ate with joy on his face. Then helped his parents decorate the house for canticles every year, his daddy him that decorating, the house properly was the least they could do to thank sanderson and his moncada. You always had to put out some milk and cookies to give him strength for the remainder of the night. Then toted ben was a very good little boy, but not too courageous. He was afraid of a lot of things and that often embarrassed him. The day was spent putting the tinsel round the christmas tree running in the snow or building snow men and eagles and ben was too busy to see the time fly by very soon. It was time for him to go to bed then was so excited thinking how close christmas was that he couldn't get to sleep he ride and tried to gain. He counted. Sheep played with his teddies imagined his presence, but it was no use. He couldn't sleep after what he thought was several hours with the house in silence. Penaranda, he could spy on santoval. He crapped out of his bag, walked carefully to the living room and heard behind an arm chair. The room was plunged in darkness, except for the discreet decorations on the christmas tree blinking from time to time. Venaient ng happened. He waited again still nothing. The little boy suddenly feared that santonio come to avoid being seen. He was about to go back to bed or she bisharin king. He had made a mistake coming here on suttenly aloud. The voice rang out in the chimney i anaerobic, oh goodnight, is only bringing thereupon in the chimney. Pothering me, the voice sounded annoyed and worried and moved closer to the chimney, flimbot curiosity and fear who goes there. He said courageously, who lay with beck during such a magical evening. It'S only me ben son to claus. Why he's staying up there in the chimney or that good question? Isn'T it tractarianism and the tree its aspect, but the beasts frighten me? I know exactly what you mean said ben tatame as well, but i am going to help you any way do would fioriture. I have to, for christmas sake and ben moved close to the chimney. He took his slipper hunted down the spiderling and made sure that it was gone far enough. The way is clear, he proudly told, and then you very much be sure to buy you a present. Will be beautiful and will please you? I understood something about fear to night courage isn't about not fearing the dark, spiders or haunted mansions. True courage is about daring to face them. Then sanatan's watch and hurried to drop the presence at the foot of the tree. Look at me chatting away that i've got to go. I late. I have presence to deliver with that. He dropped the last gift on ben's pile interim and disappeared up the chimney with much more ease than when he arrived. Then his eyes filled with stars and his head filled with gifts, went back to bed and fell into a deep sleep, bring on to morrow so that he can open all his gifts.