Once upon a time, there was a world named Aquaria. On Aquaria, there are no mountains, nor forests, nor plains – only an immense ocean.
An immense sea roiled by waves, all the way to the horizon. The inhabitants live on large boats that sail across the ocean, carried by the wind.
Among these big ships, there is one tiny one: it is the property of Ben the sailor.
Ben likes running very much, but his boat is far too small for it.
One morning, as he has just dreamed of running without stopping, he jumps out of his bed and gets out of his cabin.
Something seems odd to him; he no longer feels the rolling of the waves.
He arrives on deck and can't believe his eyes: all the water of the ocean has disappeared and the boat is wrecked onto the sand.
Ben, far from panicking, jumps out of the boat and, full of curiosity, starts exploring the bottom of the ocean.
Then he realizes that without water, he can finally run as much as he wants to without anything stopping him.
He starts running, running and running. Still running, he ends up losing sight of his boat.
He then stops to catch his breath. Not far from him, there's a little pond that has survived the disappearance of the water, and in this puddle a strange creature is going round and round in circles.
It is Helen the mermaid, trapped in the pond. As soon as she sees Ben, she lifts her head out of the water and addresses him.
"Oh, little adventurer, help me, I beg of you. I made a big mistake and I must repair it! I'm the princess Helen, daughter of the mighty king of the seas.
I borrowed a beautiful box that my father kept in his treasure room.
I thought it was a jewellery box. I went out of the palace to open it so that no one would see me.
But when I turned the key, all the water from the ocean was sucked up by the box! This is a catastrophe.
The current was so strong that the box escaped, and I could only save the key".
Ben, who is a very clever boy, then says: "You just have to reactivate the box and all will return to normal!" "Yes," answers the mermaid, "but you have to find the box and bring it to my father with the key – I can't do it, I'm trapped in this puddle!" As she utters this, she raises her arm and holds out a beautiful key made of shell that she was carefully keeping safe.
"Don't you worry, I will bring this key to your father and find the box, and everything will be all right.
Where's the palace?"After Helen gives him the directions, Ben starts running again.
He runs very fast, holding the key in his hand like a treasure.
He looks all around to find the box: it mustn't have gone far.
It's not behind the seaweed, nor on the rocks, not even hidden by the coral.
Suddenly, as the sun starts to go down, Ben spots a glowing object at the foot of a shipwreck.
Hurrah! This is the box!Holding the box in one hand and the key in the other, he now hurries to the palace following the directions that Helen gave him.
After a long run, he finally sees it. The palace is circled by a gigantic water bubble in which all the sea animals have taken shelter.
The bubble is chock-a-block. Ben gets closer. There are fish, dolphins, turtles, octopuses, crabs and all that the ocean contains! In a corner, next to the entrance to the palace, Ben sees a group of mermaids looking very worried.
He waves at them, and one approaches to get her head out of the water.
Ben tells her: "Go find the king; I've got an important message from his daughter!"Quickly, the king comes out of the palace and heads to Ben.
He gets his head out of the bubble and his wet beard falls down to the ground.
He is impressive and looks very old. After staring at him, the king finally addresses Ben.
"This is a very difficult time, but I'm happy to know that Helen is safe.
What's her message?"Without saying a word, Ben hands him the magic box and the shell key.
"Your daughter told me that this key and this box could return the waters of the sea".
A wide smile brightens the king's face, who no longer seems old at all.
"That's some excellent news," he says. "Since it's you who brought the key and the box, let me reward you".
The king turns around and snaps his fingers – or rather, his fins.
A servant approaches with a pair of boots in hand. The king tells him: "We found these shoes on a wrecked ship at the bottom of the ocean.
My wizards told me that they were made from the scales of flying fish.
Wearing these shoes, you can run on water! Now run home, little sailor; we're going to release the waters of the ocean".
Ben says goodbye to the king and runs to his boat. He has just enough time to climb aboard before all the water is released! All then goes back to normal.
Ben quickly puts on his new shoes and jumps on the water. This is incredible, the king didn't lie: he can run on water! While he is exploding with joy, a familiar face pops out of the water.