Once upon a time there was a world named aquaria on aquaria, there are no mountains or forests, nor claims only an immense ocean, an immense sea rolled by waves, all the way to the horizon. The inhabitants live on large boats that sail across the ocean carried by the wind. Among these big ships. There is one time one, it is. The property of bendel then likes running very much, but his boat is far too small for it one morning, as he has just dreamed of running, without stopping he jumped out of his bed and get out of his cabin, something seems ought to him. He no longer feels the rolling of the waves he arrives on deck and controle his eyes. All the water of teutons disappeared and the boat is wrapped onto the sand. Then far from panicking junot of the boat and full of curiosity start exploring the bottom titian. Then he realizes that without water he can finely run as much as he wants to without anything stopping him. He started running running and running still running. He ends up losing sight of his boat. He then stopped to catch his breath not far from him. There'S a little pond that has survived the disappearance of the water and in this puddle a strange creature is going round and round in circles. It is helen, the mermaid trapped in the pond as soon as she sees ben. She lifts her head out of the water and addresses him oisivete. I take you, i made a big mistake and i must repair it. I am princess helen do to remaking of the seas. I borrow the beautiful book that my father kept in his treasure room. They thought it was. A derby went out of the palace to open it, so that no one would see me, but when i turned the key to water from the ocean was subtilties is a piastre. The current was so strong that the box is caetani could only save the key. Then, who is a very clever boy then says i just have to react to let the box and all were returned to normal. Yes answers the mermaid, but you have to find the box and bring it to my father with the key. I can't do it. I'M train this part as she utters this. She raised her arm and holds out a beautiful key made of shell that she was carefully keeping safe. Don'T you worry, i will bring this key to your father and find the box, and everything will be all right was the palace after helen gives him the directions and starts running again. He runs very fast, holding the key in his hand. Like a treasure, he looks all around to find the box. It musn't have gone far: it's not behind the sea weed nor on the rocks, not even hidden by the corral. Suddenly, as the sun starts to go down, then, but of glowing object at the foot of a shipwreck, a ray. This is the box holding the box in one hand and the key in the other. He now hurried to the palace following the directions that had engaged him. After a long run. He finally sees it. The palace is circled by a gigantic water bubble in which all these animals have taken shelter. The bubble is chockablock ben gets closer. There are fish, dolphins, turtles, octopuses, crabs and all that the ocean contains in a corner next to the entrance to the palace and sees a group of mermaids looking very worried. He waved at them and one approaches to get her head out of the water. Then teller go find the king. I have got an impossible sage from his daughter quickly. The king comes out of the palace and had to bend. He gets his head out of the bubble and his wet beard fall down to the ground. He is impressive and looks very old after staring at him. The king finally addresses ben, who is a very difficult time that i am happy to know. That helen is safe. What her message without saying a word: benham's him, the magic box and the shell key. Your daughter told me that this key and this box could return the waters of the sea a wide smile brightens, the king's face, who no longer seems old at all that some egeline. He says since it's you who brought the key and the box. Let me reward you: the king turns around and snapped his fingers, or rather his friends, a servant approaches with a pair of boots and hand. The king tells him we fell in these shoes on a race ship at the bottom of the ocean. My wizard told me that they were made from the scales of flying fish wearing these shoes. You could run on water now ran home little sailor were going to release the waters of the ocean, then says good bye to the king and runs to his boat. He has just enough time to climb the board before all the water is released. All ran goes back to normal ben quickly puts on his new shoes and gems on the water. This is incredible. The king didn't lie. He can run on water while he is exploding with joy as familiaritate water. It is helen who had come to swim by his side.