I follow the guide been, is a bit fed up. He was so happy to visit a real medieval castle. He thought he would be able to walk around it freely, pretending to be a knight attacking the castle and freeing the catteries, but no, he has to stay with the herd of visitors and listen to the guide reeling out. His chatter ben is lagging behind the little bit and ends up being the very last one of the group of visitors, great ben notices, a sweet left from the young treats back. He got at Susanne's birthday, then at the sweet and throws the rapid to the ground. He stops and stares at a night's armor the group as disappeared into another part of the castle alone at last ben sneaks, under the safety cordon and settled himself comfortably into the large golden throne facing the magnificent night. Armor then closes his eyes and starts imagining himself living in medieval times. He'S robbing hood coming to set free, sweet, maid marian a soft hiss stirs him out of his day. Dreaming then cannot believe his eyes in the middle of the room. A room is sweeping on its own cleaning and polishing the floor and working hard to get rid of the paper fan just through there in little boy doesn't dare move from his golden throne, as the broom gets closer to him ben starts to think he can hear Some one saying, and yet he is alone with his broom scattering dust everywhere. Anyone here then asked some one who was sweeping the papers thrown on the floor by naughty boys answers a deep voice that seems to be coming from the room. Talking brooms dentist ben thinks to himself what else could it be? All of a sudden, the broom sweeps through a ray of sunlight in the flying dust ben, can make out a transparent shape, holding the broomstick wow a ghost he thinks this is the first time he's ever seen one. What'S your name, he asked softly in the ear of broccoli are used to live in this case in the thirteenth century, but now i have to do the house work here because he will the naughty boys, like you, i'm sorry, says ben from now on. I won't throw my sweet repose on the floor of castles or anywhere else the voice answers you. All parents must be getting worried. Good bye, mister along young, sir, then meets up with the group again write the moment when the guide is explaining that the earl of brocklehurst was known for his frightful fits of anger. The story goes that he would have sent a child to the dungeon for throwing a chicken bone on the floor.