A moment dad had taken a day off a day off for both of them. It'S worth pointing out that this is a very rare event. It'S good timing, because ben is also on holiday and watertight the opportunity to go up alligator out into the cold. No sooner said than done, a anamall fall go out. Treasure hunting dad wearing his windbreaker mum, her winter coat and band wearing his winter coat too. Of course, all they go into the bleak morning, but where to find a treasure, when you don't know where to look? No one to help the arkite sailor on his art. They asked asketh lighthouse keeper with nobody knows where to look. We will have to figure it out ourselves, dabani nice, deep voice. Let'S look under this line. Tree moseyin had beautiful soft voice. I can't see anything ben says in a trumpet like voice. I simply goes. They said and search no treasure under this tree, then off they go again back into the green mid day, we'll have to surgeons, dad tells them in a determined voice. For if we looked under this palm man asked in a calm voice. I am trying in trying barrels, but the roads are too high and i am very small, no one to help them all. They go again back into the dusk of the early evening. That is giving up. Mum wants to sit down, but then ben still hopeful. He hears a sound from afar, o hoho, where, on the ocean, no no home were fading against the wind. It'S an old pirate dressed in a bath remarking with a limp eupithes got a golden tooth and a wooden leg. He addresses himself to ben good evening young sailor. What brings you here? I assume that you and your parents are in distress till a mere rose. Tell him the whole story, how they went to look for treasure, but a still empty, handed harangue. The good old pirate loved, so much that he runs out of breath, is that you worry that you haven't found my treasure to you. I am happy to reveal its location. You won't find it in these parts. I'Ve hated it not far from here close to the sea under a green country. No need to thank me, you and your parents can dig it up with these words. The pirate goes back the way he came limping or i want to see a mermaid. I living captain, the parents had everything they go with ben to the beach, find the coconut tree and dig, and what do they find in the chest that they open tickets to be part of the pirate's crew, though get to carry swords and climb trees and live The life of adventure out in the wild when they arrive at the boat, the old pirate in his batherley there and motions for them to come aboard ohonior. I hope you're not scared of the water hole you tanager had for the stars and suddenly the boat rises up heads towards the sky and disappear into the night. Then in his parents, an gad. They know there now part of the pirate's crew and that there safe. What became of them? Well, if you look carefully at the sky on cloudless nights, you'll see falling stars. These are the pirate ships having fun chasing each other among the constellations.