
"The bath is almost ready!" announces Mum. Ben runs into the bathroom, quickly undress and jumps into the bathtub. While the water flows, Ben grabs his favourite plastic pirate and puts it on the tap. He prepares his boat, fixes the pirate flag at the top of the mast and sets the treasure at the bottom of the hold.\pau=700\
The bathtub is almost full by now. Ben goes to turn off the tap, but the pirate stands in his way and draws his sword, looking menacing. "I don't want you to stop the water!" shouts the pirate. "But the tub will soon overflow," explains Ben, pushing the pirate with his hand. "Don't you touch this tap, the pirate threatens, "or I will cut off your fingers!" Ben withdraws his hand just in time.\pau=700\
Surely he isn't going to let himself be pushed around by the tiniest of little pirates. He cranks up his plastic crocodile and launches an attack on the pirate. "Turn off this tap or my crocodile will gobble you up for dinner!" Ben warns. "I'm not afraid in the slightest," the pirate bellows, "I am the only master aboard this bathtub! It is I who decides!"\pau=700\
Oh no, now the bathtub is overflowing! Water sploshes everywhere on the bathroom tiles and starts to spill into the corridor. Ben no longer knows what to do to stop the disaster...\pau=700\
Of course, Ben's mum arrives at that very moment. "What's happening here? There's water everywhere!" Mum exclaims. "Ben, don't you see that the bathtub is overflowing?!" "It's him!" Ben protests, pointing at his pirate. "What do you mean, “him”?" Mum says, getting cross. "There's nobody in this bathroom but you!" How can Ben explain to her that the one responsible for this flood is this dastardly plastic pirate? Who, by the way, seems to have vanished. When he heard Ben's mum coming, he dived into the bathtub to seek shelter in his boat. Ben doesn't know what to say...\pau=700\
Mum is very angry. She gets Ben out of the bath and gives him a towel to mop up the water. After dinner, Ben goes to sleep sadly: this evening he wasn't allowed a story as a punishment. He tosses and turns in his bed, unable to get to sleep, when he hears a little noise close to his pillow. Ben turns his flashlight on, and in the glow of light recognises his plastic pirate. "Sorry for what happened, sailor," the pirate whispers. "I didn't mean to provoke such a storm." And to be forgiven, the pirate settles onto Ben's pillow and tells him not one, but three stories!