The bath is almost ready, announces man ben runs into the bathroom, quick and dresses and jimson the bath tub. While the water flows then grabs his favorite plastic pirate and put it on the top, he prepares. His boat fixes the pirate flag at the top of the mast and set the treasure at the bottom of the hold. The bat paris almost full by now then goes to turn off the tap, but the pirates stands in his way and draws his sword looking menacing. I don't want you to stop the water shouts the pirate, but the table soon. Overflow explains then putting the pirate with his hand. Don'T you touch this tap? The pirate threatens, or i will cattleland his hand just in time. Surely he isn't going to let himself be pushed around by the tiniest of little pirates he crams up his plastic crocodile and new ones and tack on the pirate turn off this tap. All my crocodile or pointer banons, i'm not afraid in the slightest the pirate below. I am the only master of boards batteries i who decides. Oh no, now the bathing artibus everywhere on the bathroom tiles and stubs to spill into the corridor. Benno longer knows what to do to stop the disaster. Of course, then motorist that very moment what have i here there's at everywhere, man, exclaimed ben. Don'T you see that the bath of his overflowing it's im when protests pointing at his pirate to you mean it's him mum says getting cross bernabo in this bath room, but you you? How can peneplain to her that the one responsible for this flood is this dust? Ably plastic pirate who, by the way, seems to have vanished when he heard benson coming. He dived into the bath tub to seek shelter in his boat ben, doesn't know what to say: lamasery angry she gets ben out of the bath and gives him a towel to mob of the water after dinner ben goes to sleep. Sadly, this evening he wasn't allowed to story as a punishment he tosses and turns in his bed unable to get to sleep when he hears a little noise close to his pillow then turn his flash light on and in the glow of light, recognizes his plastic. Pirate. Sorry for what happened sailor, the pirate was, but i didn't mean to provoke such a storm and to be forgiven. The pirates settles on to ben's pillow and tells him not one, but three stories.