Today, it's the holidays and ben has decided to go to the sea side. He is building a sand castle when he hears a very long scream coming from off shore. Maybe it's the wind may be its desires, ben things, and he keeps on filling his bucket with sun to build the dungeon of his castle. But soon the scream resounds once more, even longer and louder than the first time. No soldier cannot be the wind and cannot be the sea. Gulls bent tells himself. I have to go close and see so ben takes his inflatable boat, his flippers, his diving mask and his slogan jumento the water. He swims passed a first wave and hears again. The scream is coming from far away over there, where the sea is deep, blue, almost black benkei a little further. He meets a show of sudden swimming fast towards the beach. Where are you fleeing, asked ben to come? Close beside say for ten oitalian greek ben would like to know why, at the sides fayaway in the whale screams again so bankes on swimming. He is very far by now on the beach. His parasol is not much more than a small red dot and under his boat the sea is deep, blue, almost black. Suddenly a dolphin jumps before him and blockhead. Then giacometti waring says the dolphin and really wants to know why. But the dulcineas and the whale has even louder. This green is so loud that ben things his eardrums are about to best. He covers his ears and closes his eyes waiting for it to cease. Only then does he feel his boat rising into the air. He very high. He feels the same way in his hollow belly as when he last went on a roller coaster. As a fanfare then opens his eyes. He is not on a curse, but on the back of the white whale in the blink of an eye ben puts on his flippers his mask and his snuggled into the sea. He swims until he finds himself right in front of the whale and greet it with a wave of his hand. The whale replies by slowly moving its fin then once to ask why it screaming, like that, but under water with his noggin his mouth. He cannot manage to get any words out so to make himself understood he started signaling. It looks like the wail has understood his question with its tail. It points at its jaw then gets closer and discovers a crab stick anatolians, fortunately ben who doesn't want to get to ducalis. Daddy always has his tooth brush with him and so very delicately. He brushes the whales believes and manages to remove the crab. The whale relieved artistry of joy and the shaven its signals him to get back on its back and with one libertines him sailing all the way back to the beach. Since that day, every time he brushes his teeth, ben thinks of his friend the white whale and he looks forward to the next holiday to petit.