
Today, it's the holidays, and Ben has decided to go to the seaside. He is building a sandcastle when he hears a very long scream coming from offshore. "Eeeeeeeee." "Maybe it's the wind, maybe it's the seagulls," Ben thinks, and he keeps on filling his bucket with sand to build the dungeon of his castle.\pau=700\
But soon, the scream resounds once more, even longer and louder than the first time: "Eeeeeeeee." "No, a sound like this cannot be the wind, and cannot be the seagulls," Ben tells himself. "I have to go closer and see."\pau=700\
So Ben takes his inflatable boat, his flippers, his diving mask and his snorkel, and jumps into the water. He swims past a first wave and hears again: "Eeeeeeeee." The scream is coming from far away, over there, where the sea is deep blue, almost black. Ben keeps on going.\pau=700\
A little farther, he meets a shoal of sardines swimming fast towards the beach. "Why are you fleeing?" asks Ben. "Don't come closer!" the sardines say, frightened, "the white whale is angry." Ben would like to know why, but the sardines fly away and the whale screams again: "Eeeeeeeee."\pau=700\
So Ben keeps on swimming. He is very far by now. On the beach, his parasol is not much more than a small red dot. And under his boat, the sea is deep blue, almost black.\pau=700\
Suddenly, a dolphin jumps before him and blocks the way. "Don't go there! Don't go there! The white whale is angry!" says the dolphin. Ben really wants to know why, but the dolphin disappears and the whale howls even louder: "Eeeeeeeee." The scream is so loud that Ben thinks his eardrums are about to burst. He covers his ears and closes his eyes, waiting for it to cease.\pau=700\
Only then does he feel his boat rising into the air, high, very high. He feels the same way in his hollow belly as when he last went on a rollercoaster at a fun fair. Ben opens his eyes: he is not on a carousel, but on the back of the white whale! In the blink of an eye, Ben puts on his flippers, his mask and his snorkel, and dives into the sea. He swims until he finds himself right in front of the whale, and greets it with a wave of his hand. The whale replies by slowly moving its fin. Ben wants to ask why it's screaming like that, but under water with his snorkel in his mouth, he cannot manage to get any words out. So, to make himself understood, he starts signalling. It looks like the whale has understood his question. With its tail, it points at its jaw. Ben gets closer and discovers a crab stuck in its baleens. Fortunately, Ben, who doesn't want to get tooth decay like his daddy, always has his toothbrush with him. And so, very delicately, he brushes the whale's baleens and manage to remove the crab. The whale, relieved, utters a cry of joy: "Haaaaaaaa." And to thank Ben, it signals him to get back on its back, and with one flip of its fin, sends him sailing all the way back to the beach. Since that day, every time he brushes his teeth, Ben thinks of his friend the white whale, and he looks forward to the next holiday to pay it a visit.