One two three, four: five, six six tribes. Yet it will take a lot more than that to make a tart then thinks his nose in the grass a bit discouraged. The feel of my must have beaten to it, for there isn't much left in undergrowth then decides to go and look out where, but, as he gets up to continue on his way doesn't recognize anything. The path has disappeared. Instead, there's a thick fog that prevents him from seeing beyond the tip of his nose. How can he find his way back to the road? Fortunately, tennis used to excursions in the forest and he never leaves without a flash light. He turned it on, although it's not very useful, he groped around walking carefully until he comes face to face with a door. Well, i hadn't noticed that there was a house lost on a game here. He thinks i could go in and wait for the fog to clear the door opens with a big creek hello. Anyone in then asks no answer then entered the house. It'S dark and the room is one gigantic. Mass mansoul see this bethinks compared to this place. My bedroom is really tidy who could live in such a mess at the far end of the room sat in an once, an old lady smiles at him camomile by it's been so long since i received the visit tenderest towards the old lady cook, nose pointed chin. Crooked at no doubt about it, she must be a witch, then rushes towards the door to flee, but it's too late, beadles the which says now that i have you don't count on leaving any time soon. The witch casts an eye of a benasset strokes. What a good idea, strawberry and little boy flavored ice cream that should be very tasty. With these words, the witch grabs ben by the man put him in a big wooden cage, while the witch is looking for you tenors to prepare the ice cream ben as an idea, he twists his fingers and with his flash light, he cast a very big shadow Puppet over the wall, when the witch turned around she sees the giant shadow and remains speechless by chance. At the same time, the mahuli makes the houses windows tremble, the which lets out the terrible how matamoros she dropped all her utensils and runs away now. Ben only has to pass his hand through the bars of the cage to grand the key, and he is free since that day, when ben as a strawberry, he smiles thinking back to the witch. Why laughing then he stays because of a witch story bent elsmere who, like dogroses and isley.