
"One, two, three, four, five, six... six strawberries! Yet it will take a lot more than that to make a tart," Ben thinks, his nose in the grass, a bit discouraged. The field mice must have beaten him to it, for there isn't much left in this undergrowth. Ben decides to go and look elsewhere, but as he gets up to continue on his way, he doesn't recognise anything: the path has disappeared. Instead, there's a thick fog that prevents him from seeing beyond the tip of his nose.\pau=700\
How can he find his way back to the road? Fortunately, Ben is used to excursions in the forest, and he never leaves without a flashlight. He switches it on, though it is not very useful. He gropes around as if he was going through cotton, until the moment he comes face to face with a door. "Well, I hadn't noticed that there was a house last time I came here," he thinks. "I could come in and wait for the fog to clear."\pau=700\
The door opens with a big creak. "Is anyone there?" Ben asks. No answer. Ben enters the house: it is dark and the room is in an unimaginable mess. "Mum
should see this," Ben thinks. "Compared to this place, my bedroom is really tidy. Who can live in such a mess?" At the far end of the room, sat in an armchair, an old lady smiles at him: "Come closer my little boy, it's been so long since I have received a visit!" Ben directs his flashlight towards the old lady: hooked nose, pointed chin, crooked hat – no doubt about it, she must be a witch! Ben rushes towards the door to flee, but it's too late. "It's useless," the witch says. "Now that I have you, don't count on leaving anytime soon!" The witch casts an eye over Ben's basket. "Strawberries! What a good idea. Strawberry and little-boy flavoured ice cream, that should be very tasty." With these words, the witch grabs Ben by the arm and puts him in a big wooden cage.\pau=700\
While the witch looks for utensils to prepare the ice cream, Ben has an idea. He twists his fingers, and with his flashlight, he casts a very big shadow puppet over the wall. When the witch turns around, she sees the giant shadow and remains speechless. By chance, at the same time, a big gale makes the house's windows tremble. The witch lets out a terrible howl: "A monster! A monster in my house!" She drops all her utensils and runs away. Now Ben only has to pass his hand through the bars of the cage to grab the key, and he is free.\pau=700\
Since that day, when Ben eats a strawberry ice cream, he smiles, thinking back to the witch... "Why are you laughing, Ben?" his daddy asks. "Because of a witch story," Ben tells him. "A witch who liked ice creams?" "Yes, and little boys."