Atishoo! Atishoo! Atishoo!\pau=700\Ben caught a cold. Not surprising, in this castle full of drafts! Had he known, he would have gone on a cruise around the world with Suzanne, rather than to a castle in Scotland.
His holidays are not going as expected at all. First, no Loch Ness Monster, no pixies and no ghost either.
Who could have thought that there would be neither Loch Ness Monster nor pixies in Scotland? And no ghosts in a castle? Unbelievable! Ben feels betrayed, he who likes adventurous holidays and is now stuck inside because of the rain.
And now to top it all off, he has a cold\pau=700\. "Since there's nothing to do outside, might as well check out the castle," Ben thinks to himself.
After all, who knows? Maybe he'll discover some secret passages.
The mere thought makes him smile again, and he decides to explore the rooms of the castle one by one, starting with the stables\pau=700\.
But the stables have nothing interesting to offer, except the smell of manure and a horse taking a nap.
And it's also cold out there, which isn't good for Ben's cold, and now – schprmmf! schprmmf! schprmmf! – he can't stop sniffing\pau=700\.
He goes into the castle, and in every room he enters he inspects the cupboards looking for a secret entrance in the corridors.
He looks behind the huge medieval tapestries in search of any secret passages.
He even moves all the candlesticks to see if there is a hidden door that might open up (he saw that in a movie once: one pull on a candlestick attached to a wire and it triggers a mechanism that opens a hidden door), but no.
No secret entrance, no secret passage, no hidden door. This castle is definitely rather depressing!And the dust disturbed by his investigations doesn't help with the sneezing\pau=700\.
Atishoo! Atishoo! Atishoo!\pau=700\He shouldn't have gone on an adventure without his scarf and hat\pau=700\.
He then comes to the castle's armoury, where all the ancient suits of armour, swords and shields are stored.
There are so many of them that he no longer knows where to look.
If he could he would try them all on and pretend to be a knight rescuing his princess\pau=700\.
But Ben is no medieval knight – he's just a little boy from the modern day with a bad cold and a runny nose.
He's about to leave the armoury when he sees a forgotten hat on a bench.
There is no name sewn inside. This could really be handy for Ben, to help keep out the cold.
Since it doesn't belong to anyone, he puts it on. And immediately feels better!\pau=700\When he opens the door to leave, Ben can't catch the handle.
His hand goes right through it. Crikey! Here he is, stuck in the armoury.
But wait a minute. His hand went THROUGH the handle? How is that possible? He tries again and yes, his hand goes through the handle once again, even through the door itself.
He finds himself on the other side of the armoury and floating above the ground.
Ben has turned into a ghost. He scratches his head to think, and in doing so knocks his hat to the floor.
Immediately, he turns back into a little boy. Incredible! The hat has the power to transform him into a ghost.
He puts it back on and poof! He's a ghost again. With a big joyful whoop Ben rushes through the castle making whooo noises.
"I'm the castle's ghost!" He has fun scaring people, goes through walls, wheels around in all directions and visits the castle's rooms at top speed.
No need to look for secret passages now, he just has to go through the walls.
The holidays, which had begun so badly, now promise to be wonderful.