Susanne had just finished her dinner and now after bed says man. What i need to put on my shoes suzanne gives her shoes one last polish. They have to shine. This morning. She opened the last window of the advent calendar to morrow it's christmas, it's to night that santos going to come down the chimney to draw off the present while putting her shoes in front of the chimney. Suzanne wakes, a spider up that was sleeping there. Sorry to body you says the little girl that i have to put my shoes there, so samarcand liver, my presence in them, despite the claims of the chimney shrugging its shoulders. Suzanne takes one last look at the fireplace she kisses momentariness, as by the fireplace to checker thing is in order what, if santoisie, suzanne to philologists and a bit of squassation and put it next to her shoes, then she goes back to kiss moaned walking by the Fireplace to make sure that everything is fine. What i can to get hungry Susannene goes and gets one of her favourite biscuits in the shape of a dinosaur from the kitchen and put it next to the glass suzanne's. It'S momotus interrupted the little girl thought suzanne. If you don't go to sleep soon, sandalwood come once a sounder. Only give presents to obedient children manses so suzanne, kisses maman gives one last look at the fire place and goes to sleep. She is in a deep sleep when something tickled her awake. It'S a little spider dancing on the tip of her nose. She tries to go back to sleep when she hears loud sounds coming from the living room. Suzannet takes her flashlight and had skillfully to the living room. The noise comes from the fire place. She hears a voice, grunting and robbing sounds seanachas and direct the beam of light towards the fireplace the spider is there looking at her with a big smile suzannet the beam of light towards the inside of the chimney? There'S big man with a white beard and a red coat all ripped up who tells her estimable ocasion. You help me little girl at course wait Susannenah's into the kitchen to look for some round tipsters and a stool she climbs on to the seat and free santanu. It'S him. He recovers his composure while eating the biscuit and drinking the glass of squassation had put out for him o o. You are derogate tude, my child had a state tuckahoe light, not of children, would have been deprived of presence to. Thank you. I am going to give you an additional gift. I always bring some extra ones for the children who had forgotten to write a christmases or who would come good at the last minute, but i must go. I go dimly santoine's gifts and goes back up the chimney. The little girl wonders if she dreaming of she's actually awake the morning after noncoms to watson up you know, senora your squash and eight your biscuit to thank you. He delivered you one additional present. What is it a sign? Otocoris, 
