Suzanne has just finished her dinner. "And now, off to bed!" says Mum.
"Wait! I need to put out my shoes". Suzanne gives her shoes one last polish.
They have to shine. This morning she opened the last window of the advent calendar.
Tomorrow it's Christmas! It's tonight that Santa is going to come down the chimney to drop off the presents.
While putting her shoes in front of the chimney, Suzanne wakes up a spider that was sleeping there.
"Sorry to bother you," says the little girl, "but I have to put my shoes there so Santa can deliver my presents in them".
The spider climbs up the chimney, shrugging its shoulders. Suzanne takes one last look at the fireplace\pau=700\.
She kisses Mum and Dad and passes by the fireplace to check if everything is in order.
What if Santa gets thirsty? Suzanne goes to fill a glass with water and a bit of squash in the kitchen and puts it next to her shoes.
Then she goes back to kiss Mum and Dad, walking by the fireplace to make sure that everything is fine.
What if Santa gets hungry? Suzanne goes and gets one of her favourite biscuits, in the shape of a dinosaur, from the kitchen, and puts it next to the glass\pau=700\.
Suzanne kisses Mum and Dad. "But what if..." "Now, off to bed!" It's Mum who just interrupted the little girl's thoughts.
"Suzanne, if you don't go to sleep soon, Santa won't come," warns Dad.
"Santa only gives presents to obedient children," Mum says. So Suzanne kisses Mum and Dad, gives one last look at the fireplace and goes to sleep.
She's in a deep sleep when something tickles her awake\pau=700\.
It's a little spider dancing on the tip of her nose. She tries to go back to sleep, when she hears loud sounds coming from the living room.
Suzanne gets up, takes her flashlight and heads stealthily to the living room.
The noise comes from the fireplace. She hears a voice grunting and rubbing sounds.
Suzanne approaches and directs the beam of light towards the fireplace.
The spider is there, looking at her with a big smile. Suzanne then directs the beam of light towards the inside of the chimney.
There's a big man with a white beard and a red coat all ripped up who tells her: "I'm stuck in this spider web, I can't seem to break free! Can you help me, little girl?"\pau=700\"Of course! Wait".
Suzanne rushes into the kitchen to look for some round-tipped scissors and a stool.
She climbs onto the seat and frees Santa – no doubt it's him! He recovers his composure while eating the biscuit and drinking the glass of squash that Suzanne had put out for him.
"I owe you a debt of gratitude, my child; had I stayed stuck the whole night, lots of children would have had been deprived of presents.
To thank you, I'm going to give you an additional gift; I always bring some extra ones for the children who have forgotten to write their Christmas list or who became good at the last minute"\pau=700\.
"But I must go, there's no time to lose". Santa drops off Suzanne's gifts and goes back up the chimney.
The little girl wonders if she is dreaming or if she is actually awake.
The morning after, Mum comes to wake Suzanne up. "You know, Santa drank your squash and ate your biscuit.