
What Ben loves more than anything is collecting treasures. He puts them in his box of drawers, which already contains marbles, sticks, rubber bands, pieces of polished glass, rusty nails, butterfly wings and even a shark tooth!\pau=700\
As Ben walks through the countryside today, he finds a beautiful blue feather. So as not to lose it, he slips it into his hair and runs shouting like an Indian: "Wooooooh!" "Come here, little Sioux!" says a big voice just behind him. "I'm not a little Sioux, I'm Blue Hawk," shouts Ben. He doesn't even have the time to turn around before a huge hand grabs his ankle and lifts him into the air. "Help!" Ben yells. But it's too late. The ogre – because the big hand indeed belongs to an ogre – puts Ben in a large bag and takes him to his castle.\pau=700\
Once at the castle, the ogre lets Ben out of the bag and licks his lips while uncovering his arms and legs, as plump as they should be. While the ogre goes to fetch a large cooking pot, Ben looks for a way to escape from the castle. But there is no way out: all doors are locked, there are bars on the windows and there isn't a single hole in the walls nor the slightest crack in the floor to escape out of. Ben has to find another solution ...\pau=700\
When the ogre comes back with his big cooking pot, Ben is sitting very quietly on the table with his hand over his nose. The ogre is amazed to see this little boy pinching his nose, not even trying to run away. "Are you ready to dive into the pot?" asks the ogre with a guffaw. Ben does not answer. He keeps holding his nose. "You can wait a while before holding your nose, I have not yet poured the boiling water," says the ogre, amused. But Ben remains silent and keeps his hand on his nose. Still, the ogre wonders why this little boy is pinching his nose like that. "What is it?" he asks Ben. "It smells bad," Ben replies. "What smells bad?" asks the big voice. "I don't know. Probably your feet," Ben answers. The ogre is very upset. No one has ever told him he smells. He removes his shoes to check. "Puahh, it stinks!" shouts Ben. "Really?" asks the ogre. "It's an infection!" says Ben. "As bad as that?" the ogre asks, a little worried. "You have to wash your socks. I'm going to help you," Ben offers.\pau=700\
Ben comes down from the table and helps the ogre remove his socks. The ogre accepts, too happy that someone is taking care of him. That's when Ben grabs his blue feather and starts tickling the ogre's toes. The ogre immediately bursts out laughing. The more he laughs, the more Ben tickles him, till he can't even breathe. "Stop! I beg you," he cries between two fits of laughter. "I'll stop if you promise me never to eat children again," Ben says, still wiggling his feather. "I promise you! But stop!" yells the ogre, shrieking with laughter. Ben then stops tickling him and puts the feather back in his hair. The ogre slowly catches his breath. "I did not know that I could laugh this much." And once he has fully calmed down, he asks Ben: "Can you please do it again, Blue Hawk?" So Ben takes his feather and starts tickling the ogre's feet again. And both laugh heartily until the day is done.