Today, Suzanne is picnicking in the forest with her parents. They brought a chicken and some crisps.
Suzanne loves chicken and crisps. But what she likes most with her chicken is mayonnaise.
After this delicious picnic, as it is a warm day, Mum and Dad decide to take a nap before exploring the forest.
Suzanne doesn't like naps at all, she thinks they"re a total waste of time\pau=700\.
Mum and Dad fall asleep immediately. Suzanne isn't very happy to have to wait until her parents wake up.
She decides to go and explore the surroundings. Suzanne takes her backpack and her compass, her penknife and her gourd, and as she is still a bit hungry and she loves it, she puts the mayonnaise jar into her bag.
She is a careful girl who has read lots of books, so she knows that one can easily get lost in the woods.
That's why Suzanne, as an experienced explorer, brought a spool of thread\pau=700\.
She ties the end of the thread to her mum's shoe and sets off, unwinding her spool.
Suzanne ventures into the thickets and down the trails, still holding the precious spool of thread.
Suddenly, she hears a voice. She gets closer and sees an old woman leaning down, complaining over a puddle.
Suzanne approaches quietly, trying not to be seen. She hears the old woman sighing.
"Drat, how I wish I could be beautiful! But it is what it is: my skin is all dried and wrinkled, I'm ugly and I scare everyone!" Crack... Suzanne just walked on a twig\pau=700\.
The witch, for it is indeed a witch, turns her head and discovers Suzanne.
"Well, well, it looks like I have a visitor," she says "Hello, Madam".
Suzanne's mum has taught her to always say hello. "How well-mannered this child is.
What's your name?" "Suzanne, Madam". "What are you doing alone in the forest?" "I'm a beauty products representative," lies Suzanne.
"Oh, really?" The witch is all ears. "I have here a miracle beauty cream".
"Show me this straight away!" barks the witch\pau=700\. Suzanne takes her mayonnaise jar out of her backpack.
She instructs: "Apply 'Mayobelle' to your face and wait fifteen minutes before putting on the second layer".
"Give it to me!" The witch grabs the jar and starts spreading the mayonnaise all over her face.
"If it doesn't work, I'll turn you into a frog," warns the witch.
"Close your eyes and count to nine hundred!" The witch closes her eyes and starts counting.
Suzanne rewinds the thread around the spool and doubles back.
While she's backing away, she hears the witch counting: one hundred and thirty-six, one hundred and thirty-seven, one hundred and thirty-eight... When she returns to her parents, they are just waking up.
"So, shall we go?" asks Dad. "What if we went to the museum instead?" Suzanne suddenly proposes\pau=700\.
Mum and Dad are very surprised: Suzanne usually grumbles when it comes to going to the museum.
"Well I never, what happened to you, have you been transformed by a fairy?" Mum says.