
Deep in the forest, only minutes away from the city, a child was rolling in the warm grass laughing, making the birds fly out of the surrounding trees.
"Suzanne? Don't go too far my sweetheart, we're going to go back soon," the high-pitched and reassuring voice of her mother sounded from the trunks behind her. The little girl turned around to answer with a rather sad face.
"Mum," she said, "it's beautiful and the sun hasn't disappeared behind the trees yet. Can't we play a bit more before going back?"
Suzanne was right – the orangey, almost red sun was still in sight at the other end of the glade, above the treetops. And here, surrounded by these big green trees and mossy rocks, and by dozens of flowers, she was having so much fun. She didn't want to go back.
"Please, Mum, just one game of hide-and-seek and then we go! I promise!"
Her mother raised her eyes to the sky.
"All right, all right, but only one, and you stay near the glade."
The little Suzanne leaped up to her feet. "Start counting!" she shouted to her mum.
Her mum had barely finished her sentence when Suzanne had already darted off.
Her eyes were scanning around for the best hiding place. No, not behind that bush, it would be too easy to find her. Nor in this empty trunk, it was too dark and wet. Not there either, or there, or there. Then suddenly, as she heard the voice of her mother finishing counting, she saw a big rock. Suzanne slipped behind it and squatted in the tall grass.
As the young girl tried her best to be as quiet as a mouse, shrinking against the rock, a little grumpy voice sounded at her feet.
"By gum! What am I going to do?" the little voice lamented.
Curious, Suzanne lowered her head, then she opened her eyes as wide as possible to make sure she wasn't dreaming. There, a little elf, not much bigger than a mouse, was hitting his fist against the rock, whimpering.
Suzanne realised that the elf's cries, without the cover of the birds' noise, rang out loudly in the calm forest.
"Be quiet," whispered Suzanne, putting her finger in front of her mouth, "you're going to catch my mum's attention with your troubles."
The little elf jumped back when he heard that someone was addressing him. He jumped a second time, even higher, when he saw that it was a little girl.
"Excuse me, little sir", she whispered, rather confused, "I'm as surprised as you are, but if my mum finds me here, I"ll have to go back to town and I don't want to."
The elf's bright eyes were like two small stars staring at her. After a moment of hesitation, Suzanne introduced herself.
"I'm Suzanne. And who might you be?"
The tiny little elf was playing with his tiny little hat in his tiny little fingers. With a shy gesture and forcing himself to smile, he answered:
"Pleased to meet you, big Suzanne. I am Gnuf, apprentice to the wizard Bulidamet. He is the greatest elf of our time. But I won't be his apprentice for much longer... After what happened to me, I can wave goodbye to magic. I was supposed to look after the house keys."
The little elf then flattened his hat onto his head, snivelling:
"But a wicked magpie stole it from me during one of my naps. Fortunately, I've seen it with its loot and I've followed it to this place, where it dropped the keys in its nest high up on top of this rock. But by gum, I'm way too small and there's nothing I can do."
Suzanne smiled kindly at him.
"Come onto my shoulder; I'm going to climb up and help you get back all your keys! It won't be very hard for me."
The little elf jumped with joy.
"By gum! You would do that? You're as kind as you are tall!"
And Gnuf hurried onto her shoulder.
With her brand new friend, Suzanne started climbing. Eventually they got to the top. Frightened, the pilfering magpie flew away, squawking with concern.
"You see, it was easy," Suzanne said, all smiles.
But as she leaned in to inspect the nest, she saw three chicks stirring and playing with the keyring.
"Oh," she said. "We can't take their toy away from them, they're so cute."
"But I need the keys," the elf said. "And my master will turn me into a toad and I will no longer be cute!"
"Let's make a compromise," said Suzanne. "You only need the keys; you can give them the key ring. That way they can still have fun and you can open the magical library.
The elf played with his hat before agreeing.
"You're right, that's an excellent idea!"
Suzanne grabbed the key ring with care and took off the keys attached to it – they were tiny. Then she put the key ring back into the nest and jumped off the rock. The magpie returned to its children immediately.
Gnuf was jumping with joy on her shoulder.
They barely had the time to celebrate before they heard Suzanne's mother's steps approaching.
"Hurry up, take the keys and hide yourself," said Suzanne to the elf, which he did immediately.
Then the little girl got out of her hiding place to distract her mum.
"I'm here," she said, waving arms.
"Ah, at last," replied her mother with a sigh of relief. "You were well hidden. Come now, it's time to go home."
And as they both went back, Suzanne looked over her shoulder. Behind her, perched on a fern, Gnuf was waving goodbye.
She would come back, she promised.