Today Ben has borrowed three books from the library. He is browsing the first one when he comes upon a sheet of paper folded in four, slipped between the pages.
Ben unfolds the sheet. It's a letter to Santa! "Dear Santa," the letter says, "this year I would like you to bring me a blue bike.
From: Barnabas". "What a shame to have forgotten that letter in the library book," Ben thinks.
Santa Claus will never receive it, and Barnabas won't get his blue bike.
He's going to be sad..."\pau=700\So Ben does not hesitate for a second.
He puts the letter in his pocket, puts his skis on and leaves.
He knows that Santa Claus lives in the North Pole, so he goes straight on.
He travels through snow and wind for a long time. But Ben is not cold.
He must find Santa Claus to give him Barnabas's letter\pau=700\.
Once arrived at the North Pole, he doesn't know exactly where Santa's house is.
Luckily, he encounters a seal, and asks it for directions. But the seal does not know where the house is.
A little farther, he meets a polar bear. Unfortunately, it does not know exactly where Santa lives either.
Suddenly, he sees a little man wearing a pointed red hat. This must be one of Santa's elves! Ben approaches him, but the elf doesn't speak English and answers in an incomprehensible language: "Chimbilibilik".
Ben has an idea: he picks up the sheet of paper and draws Santa Claus.
The elf now understands. He makes big gestures, shouting: "Chimbilibilik!" and Ben figures that the elf is telling him to follow him\pau=700\.
They arrive in front of a huge cavern. It is very dark in these parts.
Ben is a bit afraid, but thinks of Barnabas and his bike, and follows the elf.
At the very bottom of the cavern there is a very long spiral staircase that goes down, down, all the way to... Santa's place! "Chimbi chimbi lik," explains the elf to Santa Claus within big gestures.
"Bilik bilk," answers Santa. Fortunately, he speaks English as well, and Ben can tell him the whole story.
He gives him Barnabas's letter and Santa hangs it on the wall with a tack besides children's letters from all around the world.
"Thanks to you, Barnabas will get his bike for Christmas; he will be very happy," Santa says, and to thank Ben he offers to take him home by sleigh\pau=700\.
The sleigh slides and flies through the sky at the speed of light.
Santa Claus flies over the clouds, overtaking the planes, and in a matter of minutes they reach Ben's house.
Santa signals the reindeers to stop and he drops off Ben on the roof of his house.
They say goodbye and Ben jumps into the chimney. Only when he lands in the living room does he hear his mum's voice calling him: "Ben! The bath is ready!" Ben joins her in the bathroom.