Today, Ben is going for a picnic in the forest with his family.
It's a huge wildlife park where hunting is forbidden and animals can roam free.
But today Ben isn't there to watch animals, he's there for a picnic.
With Mum, he has prepared some ham sandwiches, sausage sandwiches and sandwiches with avocados and veggies for Dad, who's a vegan.
There are also crisps, a pasta salad and cheese. For drinks, they chose lemonade for the kids and some wine for the adults.
Uncle John an Aunt Josie are taking care of dessert. They brought a strawberry tart and some chocolate mousse.
Enough to eat well!\pau=700\After lunch, the adults start chatting and Ben, who doesn't want to spend the whole afternoon listening to conversations he doesn't understand, goes away to play alone.
He plays the woodsman who has to manage on his own in the forest.
He builds a cabin with branches as walls and leaves for the roof.
His cabin is almost ready. He's only missing a moss bed to sleep well.
Luckily, he spotted some next to the river. Soft and thick moss that will be very comfortable.
He's about to go and find the moss, when he hears a voice shouting for help.
It sounds like it's coming from the bushes, close to where he is.
Someone needs help. He hurries to go and offer his assistance, but when he arrives there, he finds himself face to face with a wolf! It was the wolf who was calling for help.
Ben is paralysed with fear. Maybe it was a ruse to bring him here.
What if the wolf wanted to gobble him up?But as he looks closer, he sees that it's a rather embarrassed wolf.
It looks unhappy and is moaning softly. And for good reason! Its paws are stuck to the ground with chewing gum\pau=700\.
"Please help me, little man," the wolf begs him. "I was going to the river to get a drink, when I accidentally stepped into this chewing gum.
Here I am with my sticky paws stuck to the ground. Lucky you heard me, otherwise I would have been stranded all day"\pau=700\.
Ben pities the wolf, who is a rather sorry sight. He looks miserable, his fur is dull and he's speaking in a very small voice.
He has chewing gum all over himself, as if he had rolled in it\pau=700\.
"I do want to help you, but only if you don't eat me," he tells the wolf\pau=700\.
The wolf starts laughing loudly. Or rather tries to, but the chewing gum on his snout is also gluing his lips together, and you can only hear a chuckle coming out of his mouth\pau=700\.
"Don't you worry, wolves don't eat humans. It only happens in fairy tales.
If you were a plump rabbit or a tender partridge I might, but wolves do not eat humans... you have nothing to fear from me, you can be sure of that.
Even better, I will owe you a favour, and a wolf always pays his debts"\pau=700\.
Ben thought that a wolf who owes you a favour doesn't come every day.
And in a forest where you never know what could happen, it might be useful.
But even without that, he wouldn't have the heart to leave this poor wolf all tangled up in this chewing gum.
He takes great handfuls of grass and starts to brush the wolf down to get rid of all the chewing gum.
He leaves the snout and the paws till last, which are the most sensitive parts of an animal, and before you know it the wolf is as clean as a whistle\pau=700\.
The wolf approaches him with a determined air – Ben is a little scared.
Has it decided to keep its promise? But all it does is give him a great big lick on the cheek, and this time it laughs out loud\pau=700\.
"Thank you, little man. I'm free again to come and go as I see fit, and my fur has never been so clean.
Therefore I owe you a favour as agreed. If you ever find yourself in difficulty, you only have to say these words: “Wolf, are you there? Can you hear me?” and I will come to your rescue as you did for me.
And as you have a good heart, I'd like to ask you for another favour.
Would you agree to keep an eye on the tourists when you go for a walk in the forest, so that other animals won't end up trapped like I was? Lucky for me that you were there when I needed help, but everyone might not be as fortunate.
The forest is a wonderful place, but it's also very fragile, and there are still too many people using it like a rubbish bin.
Would you do this for me?"\pau=700\Ben accepts this important mission, delighted that the wolf trusts him, and they both go on their way – the wolf into the forest, and Ben towards the picnic table where, he is certain, the adults must still be endlessly chatting.