
"Oh dear! My appointment is in half an hour and she has yet to arrive!"
Ben's father was pacing in the living room. He had a very important appointment and was waiting for the babysitter so that he could leave. But the babysitter was not coming. And should Ben's father wait any longer, he would be late. He couldn't afford that, oh no!
Ben, who was quietly sitting on the sofa, watched his father going round the table in circles. He was worriedly rubbing his chin. Ben jumped up from the sofa, went up to his daddy, put his fists on his hips and said:
"Dad, I'm a big boy. If your appointment is important, you can leave and I will wait quietly for the babysitter to arrive."
Ben's father didn't seem very convinced. He was worried about leaving his son alone in this house. He looked at his watch, looked at his son, looked at his watch again, looked at his son again, and made a decision.
"Okay, Ben," he said, bending down to his son's eye level, "you're a good boy and I'm counting on you not to make mistakes until the babysitter arrives. I must go; you can open the door when she rings the bell."
With this, he grabbed his suitcase and left the house. He rushed to his car and drove away.
Ben was now all alone in the big house.
He went to find his teddy: a one-eyed polar bear. He started playing pretend adventures with him. He imagined himself pursued by a dragon, running all around the house to escape it. The chase led him to the attic. This was the place where his parents kept their childhood belongings.
There were old dusty wardrobes, an electric train that had not worked for a long time and a big trunk. Ben didn't often go into the attic and he was intrigued by the big trunk, which looked like a treasure chest. He got closer, firmly holding his teddy in his hands, and, forgetting the dragon, opened the safe.
Inside he saw old soldiers and dolls that had been worn by time.
He also saw a bag of marbles. He took it and emptied it onto the floor of the attic to play with.
Time flew by and he began to get bored. He sat on the trunk, looked at the marbles on the floor and suddenly felt very alone. The attic looked menacing now that he was not caught up in his imagination.
He found himself hoping the babysitter would arrive, but she still wasn't here.
He looked down at the marbles again and noticed that two of them were golden and different from the rest. He grabbed them. How beautiful and bright they were!
Ben laid them on the floor. He pushed them with a flick, one against the other, and made them clash.
POOF!
A cloud of smoke appeared.
Frightened, Ben let his teddy go, which fell in the cloud of smoke. He stepped back until he bumped into a wall and felt foolish. But his teddy got up from the smoke and started moving. Even better, it could now speak!
It addressed Ben: "Pom pom pom, ah Ben, it pleases me to be able to talk to you at last. Could you please help me find an eye to replace the one I lost? I cannot see you well without my two eyes."
Then Ben had an idea. He looked among the marbles for one to act as an eye for his teddy bear. Very soon, he spotted a very beautiful one: black with white speckles. He seized it and handed it to the bear, who took it within his big paws and stuck it in the place of his missing eye. This one twinkles, like magic!
"Thank you! That's better," he said. "I can now keep an eye on you! I understand you've been chased by a dragon. Come, let's go vanquish it!"
Ben and his bear played together the whole day.
In the evening, when his father came home, he found his son under his sheets playing with his bear.
As soon as Ben's father came in his bedroom, the bear became a teddy again. His father asked him: Ben, did everything go well? Did the babysitter come?"
"Don't worry," Ben told him with a mischievous smile, "I had the best babysitter ever." And to illustrate his words, he pressed the bear against himself.
His father started laughing at the little boy's imagination.
Then they both went to the kitchen to cook dinner.
Ben turned to look at his bear, wondering if he had dreamed it all. But at that very moment the bear, which until now had sat completely still, winked at him and stood up to greet him.
From then on, Ben would never be scared of being alone again: the bear would look after him, like a real babysitter, but mostly like a friend.