
Suzanne was sad.
In her bed, she thought about the stories that she liked listening to so much and telling herself before falling sleep, but she couldn't quite manage to remember any. Someone, or something, prevented the stories from coming to her. With all her heart, she wished that they would come back, and at that moment, when she thought the hardest, she fell asleep.
When Suzanne woke up, she was not in her bed anymore.
All around her was a giant forest. Wherever she looked, she could only see trees. But they weren't average trees. No! Far from it! For instead of the green leaves of oaks, maples or even birches, the trees had paper leaves, like the pages of a book.
Suzanne marvelled at them. What an amazing sight.
She quietly approached one of the trees. Its branches were hanging to the ground.
Curious, the little girl took a closer look at these strange leaves. Very soon, she uttered "Oh," in surprise, putting her hand to her mouth. The leaves were telling one of her favourite stories. How could that be?
At that moment, someone spoke to her. The voice was deep and low like thunder: "What are you doing in the Forest of Tales, little girl?" the voice said. "It's a place that little children like you mustn't disturb. It's here that all the stories invented by people are kept, before being told at night."
Suzanne turned around. A wolf was standing before her eyes.
It was a magnificent beast, like her granny's dog, but with very dark fur and very gentle eyes.
Faced with him, Suzanne understood why she had arrived in the Forest of Tales.
She answered: "I think stories can no longer be told, and people are going to be very sad that they can't listen to them anymore. Do you know why this is happening, Big Wolf?"
The wolf's eyes darkened.
"I do know. When you invent a story in your world, here a seed falls from the sky and a tree shoots up. This tree tells a story. But when you want to read it again, the only way to bring it to you is to go through a hole in the sky. For that, a squirrel teller has to take a leaf from the tree and climb up the ladder that leads to the hole. Then throw the leaf that tells the story into it. Only then can the story be told in your world."
"But this doesn't explain why the stories aren't making it back to us. Are the squirrels sick?" Suzanne questioned.
"Don't you worry," said the wolf mirthfully, touched by Suzanne. "The squirrels are just fine. If the stories can't make it to you, it's because I've removed all the rungs from the ladder that leads to the hole in the sky."
Suzanne pouted. "Why did you do that, Big Wolf?"
"You see, little girl, I've had enough of seeing that us, the wolves, are always given the worst role in your stories. We're always the baddies. I've therefore decided not to let the old stories be told as long as there is no story where the wolves are goodies."
Suzanne laughed happily. "Well then, that's very simple!" she said with a big smile. "You just have to help me, and I promise I"ll tell this story to everybody. Give me the rungs of the ladder, and you will be a hero for all the children who like stories."
The wolf scratched the tip of his snout with his big hairy paw. After a long silence, he declared: "I'm going to trust you, but don't let me down, little girl."
Together, they put the rungs back on the ladder, and Suzanne was able to jump into the hole in the sky.
As soon as she had done so, she woke up in her bed: the night was over.
The following evening, her daddy came to see her and tell her a story, but as he was about to open a book, Suzanne stopped him.
"Daddy," she said with her tiny little voice. "Have I ever told you the story of the wolf from the Forest of Tales?"
Her dad shook his head no, and seemed curious. Suzanne started her story: "Once upon a time, in the most magical of forests, a wolf who looked after the stories of the world..."
Then she told him how the wolf had saved the stories from oblivion and freed the wolves from their bad image.
In the meantime, on the other side of the universe, somewhere in the Forest of Tales, the wolf was smiling. In front of him, a new tree was shooting up, and he knew that this tree would tell his story – forever.