Suzanne is jumping and wriggling. She's been this way the whole day.
Tonight is Christmas Eve and Suzanne can't wait until morning to open all her presents.
Luckily, Dad is there to catch it with his big hands. He almost gets cross because Suzanne is messing around, but he sees that it's not really her fault so he doesn't say a word.
A real marvel. But Suzanne only has one thing in her mind: the morning when she will unwrap her presents\pau=700\.
She gets overexcited when she's preparing the cakes with Mum.
She spills flour everywhere, adds too much salt and not enough sugar, and forgets half of the ingredients.
So she doesn't say a word and takes care of everything. Suzanne can only think of one thing: opening her gifts when she wakes up the next morning\pau=700\.
She isn't usually like this, but tonight is a special night... When Santa Claus gives presents to every child in the world.
That just can't be easy! What if he got stuck?! But no, with a little effort there he goes, coming out of the chimney.
Suddenly, Suzanne starts to get chatty. She was lost in her thoughts before, but now she goes to see Dad to ask him if he remembered to clean the chimney.
She starts to turn into a bossy nitpicker: "Is the whole house decorated? Are the cakes baked?" A real bundle of nerves! Mum and Dad reassure her, telling her that everything's ready.
The evening finally comes. For once, Suzanne doesn't sulk when it's time to go to bed.
Quickly! Quickly! She kisses Mum. No story tonight, she has to go to bed early\pau=700\.
So impatient that she wakes up too early. It's still night outside, but never mind! What if Santa had already come and gone? She hurries to see under the tree and... yes! Suzanne is full of joy.
All but one. A big, brown, thick leather book with writing on it in big golden letters: "Christmas Book".
Maybe Santa didn't have any wrapping paper left. She opens it and starts to read\pau=700\.
It's not a gift for Suzanne at all. It's Santa's list! He forgot it here!\pau=700\"Well, let's see.
In front of here is Santa Claus. Who seems to be looking for something...\pau=700\"Excuse me, Santa – is it this book you're looking for?" Suzanne asks him\pau=700\.
"Ah, thank you very much, little Suzanne. I was rather worried.
Without you, Christmas couldn't have happened, and all the children would have been very sad.
And without delaying any further, Santa picks up his book, rolls up his sleeves and climbs up the chimney.
But on the table, close to the empty plate of cookies and glass of milk, she finds a note: "Thank you so much for the glass of milk and the cookies, they were delicious.
And Suzanne goes back to sleep. Happy to have pleased Santa Claus.