
Today, the whole class is going for a discovery walk in Sheroom Forest. This place is known for its mushrooms. It has mushrooms of every kind, shape and colour. The teacher has given the children a warning: some are poisonous, which means it can be dangerous just to touch them. The teacher asks the children to take a picture of the most interesting ones in order to make a display in the classroom.\pau=700\
Suzanne doesn't like mushrooms; she would have preferred looking for a wolf in the woods or picking flowers. To kill time, Suzanne kicks everything that comes across her foot: pine cones, pebbles, dead leaves... Suddenly, there's a loud voice coming from the ground: "Is it over yet?" Suzanne looks around to find the source of the voice. It can't be the teacher, who is far ahead; it can't be her friend Timeo, who didn't come due to his allergy.\pau=700\
Suzanne sees a mushroom on the ground that seems to be moving by itself. She bends down and discovers that it's a tiny little man wearing a red hat that makes him look like a mushroom. The little man seems angry, and looks up at Suzanne sternly. "Is it you who almost knocked me down with a pine cone?" "I'm sorry," says Suzanne, "I didn't see you." "You'd better not say that I look like a mushroom!" "Oh, no!" Suzanne replies while biting her lip, trying not to smile. "Not at all, apart from the hat, maybe."\pau=700\
Suzanne regrets not having brought her fairy doll – they could have played together. "You live here?" asks the little girl. "Of course; I'm the guardian elf of this forest. I keep an eye on the men to make sure they don't cause too much damage." "Have you worked here for a long time?" "For three hundred and fifty years, at least..." Suzanne can't believe it; her friends simply have to see her incredible discovery.\pau=700\
"Wait for me!" Suzanne runs to borrow the teacher's camera. She tells her that she has found a very interesting mushroom. "It's almost time to go back, this is the last picture," the teacher says. Suzanne hurries to photograph her unbelievable friend. The elf hasn't moved, waiting for her. Suzanne says: "Smile! Don't move!" The flash illuminates the forest. "I must go, the hour is late and the bus is waiting for us. Goodbye, Mister Wood Elf." Suzanne returns the camera to her teacher. She is going to be surprised when she sees the picture of the elf. On the bus, the teacher looks at all the pictures of mushrooms that have been taken.\pau=700\
"Your picture is very nice, Suzanne; I've never seen such a mushroom, it almost looks like a little man." "In the end, the mushroom class wasn't that bad, I'm looking forward to another one," Suzanne thinks to herself.