All was quiet in Susanne's house.
So quiet in fact that she could hear the squeaking of a mouse somewhere in the walls.
And yet, she couldn't sleep. Tomorrow, school would start again, and to be fair, she was more than a bit scared.
She was staring at the ceiling counting the fluorescent stars that dad had put up there.
One especially was bigger than the others, and Suzanne looked at it for a long while.
She finally closed her eyes and whispered: I wish I'll have a great day tomorrow.
When she opened them again, the big stars started shining brightly in her room.
Then, out of nowhere, a fairy appeared. She was not exactly pretty.
In fact, she looked rather plump with the dress too large for her and tiny wings that she had trouble keeping up in the air.
But with her wand in her hand, she certainly seemed to have magical powers and Suzanne wasn't one to judge anyway.
"Hello child", said the fairy. "I'm your fairy godmother." Susanne rubbed her eyes in wonder.
Of course, she knew stories of fairies who came into the night to grant little girls wishes.
Bed stories were often just that: stories. "What are you doing here?" asked Suzanne.
"Well, you called me, silly!", the fairy godmother replied with a smile.
"I have come to grant your wish and help you have a great day tomorrow."
Suzanne could not believe her ears. "Any wish I want?" she asked.
"Sure, anything", replied the fairy. "What would you like?"
Suzanne was taken by surprise. She had sometimes dreamed about this, but she never thought it would actually happen in real life.
"I'm not sure" she said. "What did the other girls usually wish for?"
The fairy godmother laughed: "Well sweetie, they dream of being princesses, of course. Look."
She grabbed an old pair of slippers lying on the carpet and with a tap of her wand, she turn them into beautiful glass shoes sparkling in the night.
The fairy godmother seemed quite pleased with herself. "I can also make you a dress and a crown.
You'll be the prettiest princess at school, and all the little princes would be crazy about you.
Trust me. I've been around for a long time."
It was always the same story: princess's sleeping in the woods, 
prisoners in high towers guarded by pet dragons and going to the ball with rats for horses and a pumpkin for a coach,
always waiting for prince charming to come and save the day with his magic sword and dashing smile.
What a fairy tale. Susanne cringed, just thinking about it! "No thank you!" she declared.
"I don't want to be a princess and I certainly don't want a prince.
I'd much rather spend time with the dwarfs. They look like fun and they can really sing."
"But you don't understand, you can be a princess!" the fairy godmother declared.
She had never met in her long life, a girl without dreams of a prince.
But Suzanne would have none of that and stuck her tongue out.
"I still like the shoes" she said after a while,
"but I think I have a better idea than a glass shoe with a high heel, which is uncomfortable anyway."
"What do you have in mind", asked the fairy godmother, who was more and more surprised.
"I'd like a pair of bouncing boots with a nice spring on the soles and multicolored lights all around."
Poor fairy godmother's mouth hung wide open "Are you sure?" she asked. "You could be a princess."
Suzanne took the glass shoe and showed it to the fairy: "With that kind of shoe? No, thank you. I much prefer my idea"
and because it was her job to do so, the fairy godmother granted Suzanne's wish and left her room, quite baffled by the events of the night.
The next morning, Suzanne woke up, got dressed and put on her special boots.
And, while in a kingdom far away a poor princess sat bored out of her mind, waiting for her prince,
Suzanne happily bounced up and down on her way to school.
That day, everyone agreed that she was the most amazing girl in class, even without princess shoes made of glass. 
