When his parents are not home and he is alone with the babysitter, Ben likes to joke around with her.
So when he rushes into the living room shouting: "There's a dragon in the closet!" the babysitter does not want to believe him and guffaws...\pau=700\However, today, Ben is very serious.
He insists, drags the babysitter through the corridor and partially opens the closet.
The babysitter gasps with surprise... A green and pointed tail, topped with spikes, can be seen behind the clothes of Ben's parents.
Indeed, it looks like a dragon's tail. "You see? I told you so!" Ben whispers.
"Are you sure it's not just a big lizard? Or an iguana?" the babysitter asks.
"I'm sure it's a dragon!" Ben says, lifting a floral dress. The babysitter cringes.
It is indeed a dragon, not much bigger than a dog, squatting there.
"Beware, it will surely breathe flames!" the babysitter warns while pulling Ben's t-shirt.
The dragon is small but its eyes are menacing. It suddenly opens its mouth, but instead of the expected flames, what looks like some kind of big pebbles of all different colours escape from its mouth and bounce onto the floor, making a "dong, dong, dong" sound.
A dragon that spits pebbles! Ben almost wants to laugh. But the dragon starts crying.
Big tears roll down from its eyes, which are not threating anymore\pau=700\.
"Where do you come from, little dragon?" the babysitter asks tenderly.
"I escaped from one of Ben's storybooks because the other dragons are bothering me," the dragon explains.
"I can't manage to breathe fire so they won't stop laughing at me".
"They"re stupid," the babysitter replies. "I think that being able to spit pebbles is marvellous".
Ben picks one of them up to take a closer look. "These are not pebbles: they"re marbles!" Ben says.
The babysitter bends down as well and corrects him: "These are not marbles, but beads!" "What is a bead?" the dragon asks.
"It's a marble with a hole," Ben explains. "To make necklaces," adds the babysitter\pau=700\.
The babysitter looks for some thread and Ben begins to string the beads.
Intrigued, the dragon comes out of the closet to sit down beside him.
He watches closely Ben's every move. Soon, the pearls form a big colourful necklace.
"What a splendid necklace!" the babysitter says. "I will offer it to Mum when she comes home," Ben says.
The little dragon is surprised, and very proud to see his pebbles transformed into a jewel.
"Could I have one as well?" he shyly asks. "Of course!" Ben makes him a necklace just for his size with red and green pearls, and puts it around the dragon's neck.
The dragon is very happy. He thanks Ben, then adds: "It's time for me to go now".
Ben is a bit disappointed. "Can't you stay with us?" "No, I have to go back to my storybook," the dragons says.
"I really want to show my necklace to the other dragons". "I think they"re going to be a bit jealous..." the babysitter says.
"No, for I will make one for each of them," the dragon replies\pau=700\.
Since that day, Ben often goes to have a look in his parents' closet.