
"Lunch is ready!" shouted Suzanne's mum through the window.
Suzanne pretended no to hear her. She was playing on the beach next to the holiday house where she spent summers with her parents.
She was too busy having fun among the rocks looking for crabs to put in her bucket. She lifted a rock, on the lookout for the slightest movement, but couldn't see anything. She resumed her route, jumping from one rock to another, and when she was about to give up on her hunt to go and eat with her parents, a deep and warm voice addressed her.
"Ooooh, my baleens hurt so much. You over there, couldn't you help me?"
Suzanne stopped short; it seemed to her that there was nobody on the beach except her. She looked towards the rocks but didn't see anyone.
"Over heeere," said the voice. "In the waaater."
Suzanne turned again towards the sea.
Oh! A whale, right there before her. A huge whale, over ten metres long, was staring at her with big eyes, still wet from the ocean's water.
"Little girl, my baleens are aching. Little girl, can you come and give us a scratch with your rake?"
Suzanne, who was a courageous and very kind little girl, approached the whale at the very edge of the rock and said: "Madam Whale, I do not know what a baleen is. But if you tell me, I'll do so gladly."
"They are the teeth of whaaaales," answered the huge creature.
Suzanne then tried to scratch the baleens with her rake.
"Oh, that's not working, I'm still aching!" the whale complained.
"Naturally!" said Suzanne. "You don't brush your teeth with a rake! Wait for me here, I'll be right back."
Suzanne left her things and ran as fast as possible to her house. Once there, she slipped, without her mother noticing, into the bathroom. She took her toothbrush and her toothpaste, and returned to the whale.
She tried again to brush the baleens with her toothbrush, but that didn't work either, and the whale was still sad.
"My sweet little girl, you will never manage to brush my baleens with such a tiny little thing. It's surely good enough for your little teeth, but mine are huge and numerous. A toothbrush for you looks like a toothpick to me."
Suzanne then got an idea. She said: "Wait for me here, I'll be right back!" She left her toothbrush and toothpaste and ran as fast as possible to her house. There, instead of going back to the bathroom, she slipped over to the closet, making sure not to be seen by her father, and took out the biggest broom she could find. The broom was twice as big as she was. She left the house and returned to the whale.
She asked: "Do you think this will do?"
And the whale replied: "I reckon that"ll be perfect. But hurry up, or I'm going to get tooth decay!"
Suzanne emptied the tube of toothpaste onto the broom, then at the very edge of the rock, she started brushing the baleens. The whale began sighing with relief, feeling the freshness of the minty toothpaste.
"Aaaaah, at last my teeth will stop aching and my breath will be fresh!" the whale said.
Suzanne brushed the baleens until she was exhausted. It was hard work for a little girl like her. Soon, the creature's teeth became more sparkly than a precious stone, and Suzanne could almost see her reflection. She brushed from top to bottom, as she had been taught, so that the cleaning would be as efficient as possible. When she finished, the whale thanked her and offered to take her for a walk.
Suzanne was delighted, but she had to go eat with her parents. They were starting to lose patience. The whale then said: "If you want to see me again one day, just whistle three times under water and I'll hear you. We will go swimming together." And on that promise, the whale spat out a jet of water and went on its way.
Suzanne went back home and ate with her parents as if nothing had happened, keeping her brand new friend secret.
Come night-time, as Suzanne was about to fall asleep, she heard her mother complaining: "Suzanne, you've finished the tube of toothpaste once again without telling me so!" And Suzanne couldn't help but laugh, thinking of the whale. "I will go and buy some tomorrow, Mum... but we'll need a bigger tube!"