"I had asked you to buy a snack!" Suzanne's mum is very angry: she just discovered that Suzanne's bag is filled with chewing gum.
They had gone for a walk in the forest, and it was Suzanne who was supposed to be in charge of the snacks.
Instead of taking some chocolates and apples, Suzanne has bought loads of chewing gum!\pau=700\"I'm very cross!" Mum says furiously.
Suzanne dawdles on the way, chewing her gum. Suddenly, Suzanne can't see her mum anymore, even though she was walking ahead just a minute ago.
Suzanne starts running to catch up with her. She doubles back, looks right, looks left and stops to see if she can hear her.
She calls for her. Nothing – all she can hear are the birds singing.
Suzanne sits on a tree stump to think. Mum must have hidden to scare her, to punish her for buying chewing gum instead of apples.
There's no doubt she'll come back\pau=700\. In fact, she's hearing something now: someone's approaching... it's probably her.
"Mum!" shouts Suzanne. The noise is getting closer. "Is it you, Mum?" Suzanne repeats.
The ferns spread and Suzanne finds herself face to face with a WOLF! Suzanne is frightened, but she tries to hide her fear.
She keeps on chewing her gum as if nothing was wrong. The wolf, with its bright eyes, asks her what she's doing there\pau=700\.
Suzanne replies that she's resting, and that she's with a whole party of hunters who are going to catch up with her soon.
The wolf smiles; he doesn't believe a word of what Suzanne is telling him.
He asks her what she is chewing with so much noise. "It's a chewing gum," Suzanne replies.
"Do you want to taste?" The wolf seems tempted. "I'm going to taste it before I gobble you up," he tells her with a weird smile.
Suzanne places a gum before him. The wolf snaps it up, crunches it, chews it and asks for another, then another, and so on until there's only one left in Suzanne's packet\pau=700\.
Now the wolf's mouth is full of gum. It's forming a big, pink, soft, stringy blob in his mouth.
Suzanne makes a huge bubble with her gum. The wolf is surprised, and says to Suzanne: "Showwp me howp bo bake bubbles".
The little girl explains to him what she does to make a bubble.
The wolf tries; he blows softly, but it doesn't work. He either blows too hard or not hard enough.
The wolf keeps on trying; he blows just right and makes a wonderful bubble, as big as him.
Suzanne picks up a little stick and pops the bubble. The bubble explodes on the wolf, who doesn't understand what is happening to him.
Suzanne regrets not having a camera, as the wolf is completely entangled in all the stringy strawberry gum\pau=700\.
"Suzanne! Suzanne!" It's Mum's voice. "Sorry, I think someone's calling me!" Suzanne runs off to catch up with Mum, leaving the wolf wrestling with the strawberry gum.