Ben was sound asleep, lost in a world of dreams, when something patted him on the nose.
He woke with a jump, opened his eyes and was quite surprised to see a tiny fairy boy with silver wings floating a few inches above his head and grinning madly.
"Wakey-wakey," said the fairy boy. "Time for your birthday wish, little Tim".
Ben, still half-asleep, yawned. "Um... hi!" he said. "I'm really sorry, but my name isn't Tim, it's Ben…"The fairy boy's smile faded.
He started flying around in circles, talking quickly under his breath.
"Oh no! No, no, no... Not that! Please not that..."Then he faced Ben again.
"You"re sure it's not your birthday?" he asked. "I think I would remember that," replied Ben with a smile.
"It's okay though, everybody makes mistakes". "You don't understand," said the fairy, scratching his head.
"Today is my first day, and they"re going to scold me for being in the wrong house... And I'm already in trouble because of my Wish Magic".
"Why?" asked Ben. "Well, in Fairy School, most of my spells tended to end up with very strange results...""It's all right," said Ben.
"I'm sure all you need is a bit of practice. I'll help you if you like".
"Really?" asked the Fairy. "You would do that?""Sure, why not? Here, show me what you can do".
Ben rummaged around his room for a while, searching for the perfect test for the fairy's magic.
He stumbled upon an old pair of shoes, worn at both ends, and so filled with holes that they looked like Swiss cheese with laces.
He showed them to the fairy. "Let's start with the classics," he said.
"Try and turn them into glass slippers". "Are you sure?" asked the fairy.
"I told you, my spells tend to backfire... badly!""It's all right," replied Ben, "I have faith in you".
The little fairy boy didn't look too confident, but he started moving his hands in circles.
Stardust filled the room, shining brightly, and he cast his spell, muttering under his breath like crazy:"Glass slippers, glass slippers, glass slippers..."The old worn shoes flew across the room, and instead of wonderful glass slippers, turned into dreadful grasshoppers that started jumping everywhere.
"You see, I can't do proper magic," cried the fairy. Ben, who didn't like bugs very much, had climbed on a chair.
"It's okay," he said, "we'll try again. Can you turn them into something less crawly, like some nice bouncing balls?"The fairy, looking more embarrassed than ever, starting casting his spell again.
"Bouncing ball, bouncing ball, bouncing ball," he said quickly.
The grasshoppers vanished, and the biggest boar that Ben had ever seen appeared in the room.
The hairy pig looked absolutely stunned to be there, bouncing up and down on the floor.
"Oh no!" cried the fairy. "It's getting worse and worse!"Ben was laughing so hard at the animal's puzzled face.
"At least he's bouncing!" he said. "Try again; turn him into a pink rabbit, just for fun!"The fairy flew in the face of the boar and screamed at the top of his lungs:"Pink rabbit, pink rabbit, pink rabbit!"Another stardust explosion later, a giant pink robot was standing in the room, crouched under the ceiling.
Ben was having so much fun he had trouble breathing!"I think I know what the problem is," he said after a while.
"Really?" asked the fairy hopefully. "Yes; it's because you keep saying the spells three times! Everybody knows that if you repeat something too rapidly, your tongue will twist every time! Here, try saying “black bug bit a big black bear” three times quickly".
The fairy boy focused and said:"Black bug bit a big black bear, back bug pit a pig back bear, bug back big a bit back hair!"He laughed so hard that stardust flew out of his nose.
"You see," said Ben, "it's impossible! You should try saying your spells only once! Try again with the robot; turn it back into my old shoes".
The fairy moved his hands around and said:"Old shoes!"And in a new colourful explosion, the old worn shoes reappeared.
"Yay!" shrieked the fairy. "It worked! I can't believe it! Now I can go and find little Tim, he's going to have the best birthday wish ever!"He went up to the window, stopped and turned back.
"Can I offer you a little wish too, before I go?" he asked. "As a thank-you for all your precious help?"Ben looked at the old pair of shoes in his hands and said with a smile:"How about the nice pink robot again?"A few minutes later, the fairy flew into the night, on the way to a little boy's home, finally happy with his magic powers.