
All morning, Ben has been riding his mountain bike hard through the forest. Now he is a bit tired. He leans his bike against a tree, gets out a water bottle from his backpack and goes to sit down onto a tree stump to rest a little. He starts drinking when he sees, a few meters from him, a big animal with grey fur. Considering its size, it cannot be a hare, and with such a colour, it cannot be a fox. Is it a badger? Or a boar? Ben decides to approach it and get a better look.\pau=700\
The animal is asleep. It is grey and big, has a long thick tail and has a pointed snout and ears. No doubt about it, it must be a wolf! It's the first time that Ben has met a real wolf. He really wants to make its acquaintance. He leans towards its ear. "Hey, wolf, are you asleep?" The wolf barely opens its eyes. "Leave me alone, little boy," the wolf grunts. But Ben insists. Now that he's faced with a real wolf, he's not going to just let him asleep. He hums: "Let's stroll in the woods, while the wolf is not there..." Hearing this tune, the wolf opens his eyes wide and covers his ears. "That's enough! Stop! I cannot stand this song!" Ben is delighted with the reaction. He starts up again: "Let's stroll in the woods..." The wolf gets to his feet. "Are you ever going to shut up?" he yells.\pau=700\
The wolf is now fully awake. He's definitely scary, with his piercing blue eyes and sharp fangs. Ben stands up straight before him. "So, are you going to try to eat me now?" he asks, ready to run away. "I'm not hungry," the wolf replies very grumpily. Ben is disappointed: "Usually, wolves eat children." "I told you, I'm not hungry," the wolf says, exasperated. "I"ve already eaten ten rabbits and five partridges this morning – surely you"re not going to force me to eat you, too." "At least you could try to run after me," Ben suggests. The wolf lies down. "No, I'm way too tired. Let me digest peacefully."\pau=700\
Ben can't understand why this wolf does not want to act like a wolf. And he was so looking forwards to playing hide-and-seek with it too, and setting a trap like in Peter and the Wolf, to show it how fast he can run and how well he can ride his mountain bike. He is so disappointed that he starts to weep, wailing loudly. So loud that the wolf, surprised to see a little boy making that kind of racket, takes fright and climbs up to the top of a tree. Ben, who has never seen a wolf climb trees before, immediately stops crying.\pau=700\
The wolf has gone up onto the highest branch of the tree. Ben and the wolf silently watch each other for a while. "Sorry, wolf," Ben apologises. "I will not cry this loudly again." "And you won't sing that annoying rhyme and you won't ask me to eat you again?" the wolf asks, suspicious. "I promise," Ben replies. But the wolf is in a bit of a bother. Because the problem now is that he doesn't know how to get down from the tree... Fortunately, Ben's grandmother lives right next to the forest, and she owns a big ladder. Ben explains to her that he needs it to help a cat stuck up a tree. Once the wolf has come down it thanks Ben, and both of them promise to meet up again soon in the forest to play tag. Ben brings the ladder back to his grandmother. "Is the cat safe and sound?" she asks him. Ben nods. He is not going to tell her that he just saved a wolf...