Today is Wednesday, and Suzanne is going to the swimming pool.
It's a sea-water swimming pool that links up with the sea. Normally, she meets her friends there, but today they didn't come.
They usually go to the shallow pool and have fun splashing each other.
Today, Suzanne is a bit bored alone. She approaches the diving pool; it's a very deep, square pool.
On the side of the pool, there are three diving boards of different heights\pau=700\.
When she is with friends, they never go to this pool. "Maybe I could try to jump from the small diving board," Suzanne thinks to herself.
She climbs up ladder leading to the first diving board. It's actually not that high.
There she is, on the diving board. Suzanne looks down at the water.
"I'm not afraid at all," she tells herself. She goes ahead, takes a deep breath and jumps.
Splash! "It's fun and not scary at all," thinks Suzanne. Let's try the second-highest board.
Suzanne gets out of the water and climbs up the ladder to the second one\pau=700\.
From the second-highest diving board, you can see over the whole swimming pool.
Suzanne looks down. From here, everything seems smaller, even the lifeguard.
She feels a bit like a superhero. She takes a deep breath and... Awesome! Suzanne opens her eyes while sinking into the water.
When she returns to the surface, Suzanne thinks she's seen what looks like a small house at the bottom of the pool.
"I must be seeing things," Suzanne tells herself – there can't be a house there.
And yet, she's sure she saw something down at the bottom\pau=700\.
I must go back! Suzanne wants to be sure. She must absolutely make sure to get to the very bottom of the swimming pool.
She climbs the ladder leading to the highest diving board. Suzanne gets a little dizzy, and if it weren't for the house under the water, she would come back down.
She has a quick look around, takes a deep breath and off she goes! When she gets to the very bottom of the pool, Suzanne opens her eyes wide.
She wasn't dreaming: there really is a small house before her, nestled at the bottom\pau=700\.
Suzanne tries to open the door, but it's locked. She takes the locker key that she's wearing around her neck and sees if it can open the door.
Awesome! The key turns in the lock! But just when she's about to open the door, she needs to come up for air.
Suzanne is determined to go back, but when her head comes up from the water, she finds herself face to face with the lifeguard, who announces that the swimming pool is closing\pau=700\.
Suzanne doesn't have her locker key any more, it stayed at the bottom of the pool! She decides to hide in the bathroom until there's nobody left.
She returns to the pool, and when she hears some splashing sounds, she approaches without being seen to discover a silhouette swimming and jumping in the water.
Good golly! Suzanne recognizes the silhouette swimming: it's the lady who sells the tickets, she's always behind the ticket booth of the swimming pool.
Suzanne approaches and lets out a cry. She has just discovered that the lady has a fish tail! She's a mermaid!\pau=700\The lady has heard Suzanne, and gives her a big smile.
She beckons her to come closer. Suzanne tells her how she lost her locker key at the bottom of the pool.
The mermaid smiles at her and explains to her that she lives at the bottom of the pool, and asks her to go and wait for her at the ticket booth.
Then she disappears into the water. The little girl runs to the ticket booth and waits\pau=700\.
There's a strange gurgling sound, and Suzanne is stunned to see the mermaid appear in the ticket booth like a fish in an aquarium.
The mermaid hands the locker key to her with a smile and makes her promise to keep it all a secret.
Suzanne rushes to get dressed and says goodbye to the mermaid\pau=700\.
Since that day, every time she goes to the swimming pool, the ticket lady always gives her a wink.